kore.a!

Yellow.ai
Battlecard

Basic Information
Company Overview

Yellow.ai, founded in 2016, is a conversational Al and customer
experience (CX) automation platform that enables businesses to
automate support, commerce, and employee interactions across text
and voice. The company has raised over $102 million, with investments
from firms like WestBrdge Capital, Sapphire Ventures, and Safesforce
Ventures. Yefow.ai serves over 700 customers globally, including major
brands such as Domino's, Hyundai, and Tata Capital

Competing Products

Yellow.ai Customer Service Automation Platform + VoiceX Platform

. Al Agents

- Al Assistants

- No-code builder, lifecycle optimizer, and designer
= Al Analytes

- Marketplace

Pricing

Yellow.ai offers freemiumn and premium enterprise plans for its
conversational Al platform.

Enterprise pricing is based on monthly tracked users (MTU, with exact
costs Customized according to custom features, imtegrations, and
compliance requirements. Apart from the subscription plans, Yellow.ai
Charges based on the usage of specific modules such as MRU count
and WhatsApp usage.

While pricing is not publicly available, we can extrapolate based on
various marketplaces and exchanges (from older plans)

00 one time"

ik conversations and 10 agents/year*
Professional Voice: $58,000/120k voice minutes and § agents/year*
Enterprise: $285,000/480k conversations and 600k voice minutes for
up to 20 live agents + $18k/year for generative Al features*

Set Up and Platform Fee: $1
Professional Digital: $58,000

1. Pricing is tauan from ©
2. Pricing i taken troe

© 2024 Kore.ai | All Rights Reserved

Features Free Enterprise
reettnace ’
Channete 2
Comnes ernegrocee | tem) ’
Ceetces daehirea cht bhate exponen .
Aare ret 2
At ot tae remains Laeaed
wT
eerten ‘as (OOD records
Can gantgr reagent 1 cone carom
Mas 10 terpenes
Come socom
Comoran *
Try tr free

How to Spot Yellow.ai in Deals

respects aren't always open to sharing what competitors might be in play. This
section highlights common feature names or phrases thot may help you detect
that Yeflow.ai is in ploy:

= Feature and Model Names
- Automation (bot building platform)
- Conversation (Gen Al bot builder)
- VoicexX (new voice bot platform)
- YellowG, Orchestrator LLM, Komodo 7B, Analyze LLM
- DynamnicNLP
- General frequently used phrases
- Conversational Service Cloud/Commerce Cloud
- Dynamic Al agents
- Urefied customer service automation platform

Disclaimer

Everything in this document is designed to be customer-facing, unless noted
otherwise in red, but donot share the document directly, and be selective about
copy and pasting any formation. This document is always iving. Reach out to
sean_tynch@kore.com for questions and feedback.

Talk Tracks
Our Manta

This section covers the core ideo behind our competitive positioning. It helps
when asked, “What mokes you cifferent from the rest of the morket?”

Most competitors are suitable for basic chat and voice automation for CX
or EX use cases. The household names might offer a bit more variety, but

generally want to lock you into their ecosystem.

What makes us different is that we help enterprises generate value from Al
across a full range of both CX and EX use cases, including generative Al
apps, RAG/LLM-based search, and experience optimization. We also let
you choose the model, data, cloud, and application providers that are right
for your business. No vendor lock-in, black boxes, or ‘Al solutions’
Consisting of simple API calls to ChatGPT and the like.

How We Position

Use this section as soundiites ond coaching paints when o customer asks,
“What mokes you cifferent from Yellow.ai?”

|) Validate competitive presence:

Yeah, I'm familiar with their product, and I'm glad you brought them up. Are you
currently using them, or are you just exploring some different options?

JAcknowledge competitor strengths:

From what I've seen, they're good for customer service automation, and their
new Conversation module (powered by YellowG) coupled with the orchestrator
LLM allows you to build bots fast without extensive training or Al knowledge -
just some prompts, essentially. They've also recertly improved their analytcs
module by introducing an LLM to heip analyze the quatty of service and agent
interactions.

Reframe

That said, customers often report that the platform itself has a very steep
learning curve, and the support experience can leave a lot to be designed.
in-house LLMs have some cistinct limitations, such as no disambiguation or
multilingual support for their orchestrator LLM. They also provide limited privacy
and compliance controls for their LLMs and a smaiier overall selection of model
integrations

heir

For Internal Use O

nly


_BSpecity:

Uniike Yefow.ai, Kore.ai provides the most comprehensive fusion of
conversational, search, and generative Al capabilities on the market. Our
platform is model, data, cloud, and application agnostic, so you can quickly build
upon your existing architecture and integrate all the Li Ms and technologies you
need to see real value from your Al initiatives.

Our new DialogGPT model aso significantly reduces training time while
increasing intent recognition, allowing you to build bots in no time fiat, just like
Yellow.ai, while giving you considerably more contro! and flexibility.

.
Landmines

This section provides sample tatking points and conversation starters that paint
Kore.ai in the best possible light compared to Yellow.ai.

1. Complex and frustrating setup
How important are Ul and UX for you when creating Al agents and bots?

While the jury is tif out on Yelow.ai's new Al Agent module, some customers
have descrided the development process as more frustrating than a broken
vending machine. They said the setup felt akin to solving a Rubik's cube
blindfolded - far from the promised no-code bliss.

il. Tricky integration
Wilt you need to integrate with a lot of different systems? Do any of them include
customized interfaces?

Atthough Yellow.ai provides t-click integrations for over 100 popular systems
and toots for building custom many clients to
Yellow.ai with customized interfaces have reported that their APIs need to be
more explicit and can be a hassie to integrate.

WM. Search and answer imitations

How crucial is knowledge retrieval for your Al agents or bots?

Customers have told us that their and Doc Cog features have
retatively imited customization and configuration options compared to ours. For
example, Yellow.ai's crawter struggies JavaScript-rendered content, cannot
index gated websites, and does not support OCR for text extraction. It also can
struggle with contextual relationships, and you need to be especially careful
about indexing duplicate or conflicting from the same or different
sources, as it can result in cluttered search results.

© 2024 Kore.ai | All Rights Reserved

Tactical Information
Product Teardown

(= Differentiated = Supported —«Partial $= Notsupported @ = Roadmap

Pre-Built Sotution Coverage

fy

and e-commerce

LLMs at runtime and design time
DialogGPT (@ynamic generative Al for bot creation)

DialogGPT (regression and other forms of testing)
DialogGPT (mother-child bot architecture support)
Prompt management suite

Context management and interruption handing
Drag-and-drop collaborative development tools
Robust testing and debugging toots

Bxwss0e408

PRS sssss—ss,sGBBsseses

a

#®8Syye.ce seu

Pa an 3

Advanced voice capabilities

Bot orchestration (internal and third-party)

GALE

Development toot for buriaing generate Al agents
BYOM or Hugging Face modets

Model fine-tuning and one-click depioyment
Mutti-model and mufti-prompt playground
Safeguards, controls, and model monitoring
Agent Al

(Canned and suggested responses with enhancements
Virtual assistant meegraton and task auto-tufilmert
Escalation and handoff from automated chat to agent
Two-way, real-time transtations

Real-time transcription of voice interactions
Post-call auto summarization

Knowledge retrieval with LUM-powered answers
Real-time sentmert anayysis with Al rephrasing
Real-time agent coaching

Guided playbooks with scripted next-best actions
Coaching and playbook adherence and tracking
(Cross sef and up sef support

‘Seniar cases

Contact Center

x 8

zs S 888

*sSBBBswsss sees

Sse sees

a a oe 43

SBS

eweees YYY

For Internal Use Only


*® be Sk

Comprehensive analytics and insights dashboards
Enterprise adminstration and security

(Cloud and on-prem deployments

Miulti-regon deployment models for on-premise
Hybond deployments

i
i
sexes SBF seeeee i

ee ee

Motes

1. Yefiow.al provides several banking templates, including creating 2 new account, applying for
@ ban, tracking loan status and efigibility, catcutating EM, and stanciard knowledge questions.
2 Yetlovcai provides 2 retal and e-commerce template with pre-built temptates that include
browse products, add to cart, ed cart, clear cart, buy now, Razorpay payment status, check
order status, and queries and concerns.

3. Yetlow.ai provides a healthcare template covering bast flows lie new patient registration,
booking 2 consultation, locating nearby clinics, collecting reports, and connecting with

4 Yelloveai could support HR and ITSM automation via a custom bot, but no templates or
bots for this purpose are avaiable OOTE on the Marketplace.

S. Yellovcal provides a much more limited range of model integrations, inchuding OpenAL TS,
Anthropic, and AI21 (Jurassic-1). Some freedom is given to input your custom GPT or LLM
credentats manually.

6 Yellow provides 4 SMis/LIMs, including YellowG LLM (instant setup), orchestrator LLM
(zero training), Komodo 78 (Indonesia's first LLM for customer support with Tir languages),
and Analyze LLM {enhances bot interactions with deep insights and advanced setieaming

Capabilities).

7. White not a mutt-engine approach, Yellow.al's NLP engine is built on zero-shot learning and
pee-trained on billions of conversations across channets and industries. DynamicNLP elevates
both customer and employee experiences, consistently achieving market-leading

© 2024 Kore.ai | All Rights Reserved

intent accuracy rates while reducing the cost and training time of NLP models from months to
mnutes,
8. Yellow.ai provides basic Pitretated quarcraits and protections. Yellowal does not offer
comprshensive guardraits beyond this or support feature-based model selection (choose
model on a feature-by-feature basis).

Yelow.ai provides auto-diaiog and intent training generation using generative Al and uses
LLMs throughout dialog flows and when answering knowledge questions.
10. Yellovcal provides similar functionality through a combination of ther YellowG and
(Orchestrator LUMs. However, the following entries show some significant imitations
‘compared to Koreai's DiaiogGPT. For example, the OrchLLM is ony available in English,
‘Compared to 100+ languages for DiaiogGPT. ht also only provides debug logs and not deep

Ti Provides basi tfecycie management tools tke separate development envérorments,
testing and debugging tools, version control (prompts), and import/export The XD Ptatiorm
Provides more comprehensive tools, including regression and batch testing versioning and
version comparisons, bot cloning, and more in-depth heath monitoring of the NLU and flow
performance with actionable recommendations to validate your training and test datasets.
‘12. Yellovcal’s secently refeased VoiceX plationm has significantly expanded Yellowal’s voice
Capabilities. This was previously 2 weak point for the company's piatform.
13. Yellovcal supports the concept of universal bot orchestration but not for externally buit
bots. Control over the general routing experience is ato imhed.
14 Yelovca’s inbox feature provides two-way transtations for chat within the agent chat
experience.
18 Yeflow.ai provides a summarized chat Al feature summarizing the entire conversation
between a customer and a bot or agent. This summary can be used to analyze support
quality, customer satisfaction, trends, and more. The end user must manually enable this
feature by clicking the Al cofaborator icon and selecting Summarze chat.
16 Provides 2 form of intelligent search that can retrieve information from documents,
manuals, and resources within knowledge bases. This information & summarzed using LLMs.
77. Yefiow.ai supports live sentiment analysis based on chat sesporses with tone and
information
18. Yellow.ai supports basic and answers from jarious sources wang LLMs inthe
ancwer generation process. However, as a whole, it provides comparatively ierited
(qustomization and in-depth configuration options as Kore.ai does.
parses Ly-earplaiiry tins soreirviytn apace brane rsiuir relent
Seniice-now, Confluence). Any other KB with APIs to acoess the articiesidocuments can aiso
be integrated. They also support the uploading of documents and URILs. Knowledgebase
supports URILs, manual upload, and uploading documents/foiders from third-party
applications (such as AWS $3 and Sharepoint).
20. Yellow.ai supports custom prompting for knowledgebase responses
21 Yellowcal supports using either Yellow DNLP or OpenAl API for its document cognition
feature. KB responses can aiso be customized using prompts, but this is 2 gated feature
enabled only on a request basis. This feature is powered by third-party LLMs (Large
Language Models) such as GPT-2.5, GPT-4, Claurie Opus, Google Gemini, Anthropic, and
other modets to generate custommed responses. By default, al bots use thelr in-house model
to generate responses.
22. Yellowai recently significantly expanded its anatytics module to allow users to drill down
into individual topics, access conversations by categorization, refine analysis with granutar
fiters, and explore individual user conversations in conjunction with relevant metrics. in
addition to these enhancements, they also refined topic Gustering algorithms to minsrize
duplicate topics and further improved sentiment tagging for more accurate results.

Supporting Information
External Validation

For Internal Use Only


