kore al

Glean Battle Card
for HR Teams

General Information
Relevant Competitor Products

Glean offers several key products within the Work Al Platform that are
relevant to HR teams.

if customized for HR experiences

Glean Assistant

Workplace Search
Work Hub

To build new HR experiences
Glean App Builder
Glean Actions SDK

Glean does not, however, provide an OOTS assistart like HR Assist, and
it does not currently have any HR templates in its prompt library.

Target Audience(s)

HR teams in mid-to-laege enterprises, focusing on streamiring
employee interactions, enhancing productivity, and optimizing HR
processes.

Use Case

Kore.ai's HR Assist focuses on automating HR processes using a
combination of conversational Al, Al, and search, while
Glean focuses primary on improving information discovery and search
across enterpnse systems.

Common HR Pain Points

~ Repetitive Administrative Tasks: HA teams spend significant time
managing routine tasks like benefits administration and leave requests.

~ Fragmented Knowledge: HR teams struggle to find documents

spread across muttiple platforms, leading to delays in providing
employees with important information.

© 2024 Kore.ai | All Rights Reserved

glean

Kore.ai's Solutions

~ Automation of Routine Tasks: HA Assist automates a wide range of
repetitive processes OOTS, allowing HR to focus on strategic
intiatives.

~ Al-Driven Conversations: Quickly resolves employee inquiries using
generative Al and search Al, improving response times for HR requests.

~ Centralized Search: Consoldates information across platforms,
enabing HA teams to find policies and documenrts easily.

~ Al-Generated Responses: Quickly answers HR-related questions,
improving employee satisfaction by reducing response times.

Market Differentiators

MR Assist: Known for fs advanced conversational Al and task automation,
Kore.ai excels at managing HR processes through 2 virtual assistant that can
interact with employees, emplayens, Ho iicenlly meiing sinlsicieative heniens sed
employee frustraton. It's teams looking for end-to-end automation of
HR functions.

Glean: Positioned as a leader in knowledge discovery, Glean's acvantage lies in
fs deep enterprise search capabilities and market exposure following their
recent major funding round. HR teams needing a tool to access fragmented
knowledge quickly and onboard employees faster using the same materials will
find Giean more suitable in the short term.

Pricing and packaging

Pricing is based on the number of total seats accessing Glean, with
different pricing for using Glean's SaaS offering or hosting Glean using
ther own cloud services. For self-hosting, the cost is less per seat, but
you ultimately incur additional costs for cloud infrastructure and labor to
Manage that infrastructure.

The average price per user is $40 month (6480 per year)
with basic volume discounting. Seif hosted fs ts estimated at $: user
Per month, but you would incur extra storage, computing, and labor
expenses.

Glean policies also include pro-rata fees for overuse (invoiced
separately). Renewals may also come with a 7.8% increase over the
then fees, and a 10% fee ts required for each Giean service if the
customer does not agree to allow their brand and logo to be used by
sales and marketing within six months of the contract term.

Disclaimer

Everything in this document is to be customer-facing, unless
noted otherwise in red, but donot share the document directly, and be
selective about copy and pasting any information. This document is
alway's living. Reach out to seantynch@kore.com for questions and
feedback.

Strategic Information
Competitive Advantages

Advantage: Kore.ai

V4 HR workflow automation with comprehensive OOTB templates
M4 NLP and generative Al features at runtime and design time

4 Multichannel and multilingual support

4 Voice use cases

4 Self-service tooling (workbench)

"4 Search configuration and control (enrichment, retrieval, etc.)
'4 App management

4 Analytics and reporting

Advantage: Tied
> Muiti-LLM
> Indexing and API orchestration

Advantage: Glean

@ Onboarding assistance (via dedicated Work Hub)
@ Content sources

@ Business rules

G Search experience

@ Strong document-level security and access control

Weaknesses to Exploit

~ Limited HR Process Automation: Glean's tes in knowledge discovery,
not workflow automation, making it less suitab! HR processes like
attendance and case management.

~ Read-Only integrations: Most of Glean's OOTS integrations are read-only, so
users can only conmuus the information m peodchadl tos Glenn ie orimarily sboat

surfacing relevant information) instead of both pulling relevant information and
taking direct action in enterprise systems.

+ No HR Focus: Primarily a search and employee directory/homepage (via Work
Hub) tool, Glean may not address broader HR management needs.

Key Takeaways

ore: l HR Ansist bs deel for Hh innees snaking astomation of 8 pens ond
automating workflows and handling repetitive tasks efficientty.

Glean is better suited for HR teams that need enhanced knowledge
phe hse» of HR's key pain point és locating and managing
dispersed information, Glean might prove to be a more attractive alternative.

For Internal Use Only


Talk Tracks
How We Position

Use this section as soundbites and coaching paints when o customer asks,
“What makes you different from Giean for HR?*

1) Validate competitive presence:

Happy to share some perspective. What have you seen from Glean so far? Is
your Hi team aiready using it or just exploring it?

_J Acknowledge competitor strengths:

From what I've seen, Glean's Work Hub is a great resource for making
announcements, finding colleagues, and creating cofections of HR documents
for onboarding, benefits, and other purposes. And its enterprise search helps
reduce af those one-off messages and emails about company policies.

_3Reframe:

However, they don't provide much else in the way of HA-specific functionality,
so you'd have to build custom actions via the Actions SDK to enable Glean to
both push and pull information from your systems. Setting up the search
experience itself can also be very developer-oriented, so you'll likely need
Glean's support to get things up and running and make changes as time goes
on.

_BSpecity:

Uniike Glean, HA Assist automates key HA process end-to-end, from tracking
time-off requests to task management, while stil offering multi-channel
conversational Al capabilities. HA Assist is perfect for erterprises looking to
reduce HR's workload by automating repetitive inquiries and tasks, allowing your
HR team to focus on strategic initiatives.

Kore_ai afso offers the most configurable and comprehensive fusion of
conversational, search, and generative Al capabilities on the market. Our
platform is model, data, cloud, and application agnostic, so you can quickly build
upon your evesting architecture and integrate all the Li Ms and technologies you
need to future-proof your search investments.

© 2024 Kore.ai | All Rights Reserved

Tactical Information
Product Teardown

(d= Ditterentiated = Supported —-=Partial $%=Notsupported @= Roadmap

This section covers core pre-built functionality and use case coverage for HR teams. Giean
Goes not provide a dedicated HR virtual assistant.

Domain fine-tuned LUM (HR LLM)
Employee engagement poll templates
Employee engagement survey tempiates

S\LCu nee eee eee DSB Le R eR

i
TSRSVTCSCVSsesssesesssssssvsvsa

Onboarding (scheduling and virtual tours)
Onbcarding (set up and assgnments)

Offboanding (exit surveys)
Integration with employee experience universal bot

Oracle sandbox integration

ADP Workforce Now integration
BambecHa mteqabor
Aralytcs and insights tracking

Product Extensibility and Administration

*S 8S *# SS # SESS SSSS

Su pneu SDCun

This section provides a high-level view of the tooling avaiable to extend and personalize the
(Providied sofutions.

Dedicated workbench for personalizing solution
Comprehensive personalization options
Robust testing and debugging took
Languages supported

Channets supported

Other prebuit integrations

Enterprise administration
Automation and Generative Al

s BG Rees

a ae

This section provides a high-level view of core automation and Gen Al features.

Flexible LUM framework with orchestration
Fine-tuned domain LLM modets

xtemai NLU connectors and mutt-engine native NLU
LLMs at runtime and design time

v
a
v

we

”
”
v

For internal Use Only


(d= Differentiated = Supported —«=Partial = Notsupported #= Roadmap
Advanced guardraits for LLMs

Prompt management suite

Advanced daiog and context management
Advanced voice capabilites

Bot orchestration {intemal and third-party)
Knowledge Search (High-Level)

Search Al comes packaged with aif Assist Solutions and covers a wide range of search
knowiedge use cases. This section provides a high-fevel comparison of enterprise search
features.

ss 338
a

Content sources - v
Content extracton
enrichment

FUE
Hy!

Ses
'

© 2024 Kore.ai | All Rights Reserved

i
SSeS

8

3. Youcan use Work Hub’s general announcement feature for this, which supports
announcements to al employees or only certain ones based on name, Gepartment, and

4 TheGiean allows users to view finance data and anatytcs, HR org charts and
Quideiines, and IT processes and capabilities.
§. Gean's allows users to find the employee name, title, department, manager

Apps development
Step-by-step process rather than a flow bulkier Specific coflaboration-type features (lie

14. Glean Assistant considers the context of who is making a request. Users’ results are
personalized based on knowledge graph data to ensure that each person sees the
information relevart to them ang their sole.

18 Glean Assist and Glean Assistant can be used outside of a chat to write customer emails,
summanze documents, and officad basic tasks. f can also automaticaly create case
‘summaries from Sckets and upload them to service applications so teams handing
follow-ups have context on prior interactions. While Glean does not provide an explicit agent
ashboard or integration to other agent desktops, you can use Glean to answer
knowledge-based questions using a 3¢J / ALT-J shortcut or within Giean itself.

6. Glean Apps is a lightweight generative Al builder for creating no-code custom generative
A agents, assistants, and chatbots. It leverages Glean’s core competencies, including
enterprise search, conversational Al assistant, enterprise data connectors, user permissions,
and data governance. Many features, lke actions and triggenng, are stil in beta.

Supporting Information

9.5/90 (5 reviews)

For Internal Use Only


