O HealthAssist
Documentation
© HealthAssist

Getting Started
Overview of HealthAssist
What is HealthAssist
Key Features
Terminology
HealthAssist Concept
HealthAssist for Provider
Benefits
Patents
Agents
Caregivers
Employees
Consumers
Capabilities
HealthAssist for Payer
Benefits
Member Experience
Agent Experience
Provider Expenence
Employee Experience
Consumer Experience
Capabilities
HealthAssist for Life Science
Benefits
Patient Expenence
Agent Experience
Provider Benefits
Employee Benefits
Consumer Benefits
Capabilities
Integration
EMR/EHR Integration
Symptom Checker Integration
Natural Language Processing (NLP)
LLM & Generative Al
Overview
Features
Gen Al Configuration
LLM Integration
Dynamic Conversations Configuration
HealthAssist Use Cases

oomommaommonn nm
© HealthAssist

HealthAssist for Provider Use Cases

Authentication

Schedule an Appointment
Read Appointment
Reschedule Appointment
Cancel Appointment
Symptom Checker/Diagnosis
Care Team

Medication order

Medical Ontology

Health Care for Payers - Member Facing Use Cases

Member Authentication

File a Claim

Request ID Card

Add Dependent

Co-Pay by Service

Ourt-of-pocket limits

Request Annual Health Statement

Health Care for Payers -Provider Facing Use Cases

Provider Validation
Claim Status

HealthAssist Administration
Health Assist for Provider

HealithAssist Provider Architecture
Bot Access
Customizing HealthAssist with Workbench
Workbench Introduction
Accessing the HealihAssist Workbench
Dashboard Analysis
Assistant Personalization
Branding and User Interface Customization
Assistant Configuration
Appointment Manager
Symptom Triage
Enterprise
Notifications & Reminders
Settings
Invite Members
Language Configuration
Publish configuration changes
Integration

20
20
20
21
22
24
24
25
26
27
28
28
28
30
30
31
32
33
35
35
35
37
37
37
37
38
38
38
39
40
40
42
42
43
44
46
46
46
47
50
51
© HealthAssist

Channel Integration
Live Agent Transfer
Agent Expenence
Agent Console
Introduction
Access the Console
Agent Real-time Coaching
Agent Playbook
Auto Summarization
Health Assist for Payer
Introduction
Data Table Integration
SearchAssist Integration

51
52
a2
52
a2

ak eB

56
56
56
59
© HealthAssist

Getting Started

Overview of HealthAssist

The modem healthcare industry needs streamlined, quick, and effective services to
improve patient care while keeping costs low and improving operating efficiency.
Traditional processes can be slow, resource-intensive, and prone to human error, which
creates bottlenecks in patient management and reduces the overall quality of care.
HealthAssist addresses these challenges by providing healthcare onganizations with a
robust Al-driven solution that automates routine interactions and optimizes workflows. It
helps organizations deliver 24/7 services without long hold times, empowering patients
to manage their healthcare more effectively through self-service options.

What is HealthAssist

HealthAssist is an advanced conversational Al solution designed to facilitate
personalized, human-like conversations through woice and text channels. This solution 1s
intended to enhance the conversation for healthcare patients, members, caregivers,
providers, agents, employees, and consumers across the healthcare enterprise.
HealthAssist is used by some of the world's largest healthcare organizations to increase
access to care, increase engagement, decrease costs, increase patient/member acquisition
and retention, improve satisfaction, enhance productivity, and maximize care time. This
integration is fully compliant with HIPAA and other critical industry regulations.

HEALTHCARE
PROVIDER

HEALTH
INSURA

© HealthAssist

Kore.ai serves three healthcare industry This includes hospitals, integrated delivery networks,
accountable care organizations, retail, HCP/Pharmacy companies, and segments:

Providers.

Includes hospitals, integrated delivery networks, accountable care organizations, retail,
HCP/Pharmacy companies, ambulatory acute, emergent, post-acute, home, and telehealth
providers.

Payers
Includes health insurance companies and support service companies, third-party
administrators, and private payers.

Life Sciences
Includes pharmaceutical companies, medical devices, and select medical equipment
companies.

Key Features

Integration: Seamlessly integrates with leading Electronic Medical Record (EMR)
systems such as Epic, Gemer, and NextGen, allowing for real-time data synchronization
and automated workflows like appointment scheduling and patient record management.

Analytics: HealithAssist provides real-time analytics and reporting on user behavior,
tickets and system efficiency, helping healthcare providers optimize workflows and
improve patient experiences based on data-driven decisions.

Extensibility: HealthAssist's design facilitates easy customization, enabling the creation
of custom healthcare workflows for unique organizational needs and the extension of its
core functionalities. This flexibility allows organizations to create custom workflows,
integrate new APIs, and add unique use cases.

Security: Fully compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
(HIPAA), ensuring that all patent data and communications are secure and adhere to
stringent privacy regulations.

Terminology

This glossary lists the key terms and concepts related to the HealthAssist solution.
© HealthAssist

Terminology

Description

Provider

An individual or organization that delivers medical services to
patients, @.g., a Physician, a Nurse, Hospitals, Clinics, etc.

Organization or entity that finances or reimburses the cost of
health services for individuals.

Life Science

Life sciences research can lead to innovations in diagnostics,
preventive measures, and personalized medicine, ultimately
enhancing the quality of healthcare and patient outcomes.

EMR | EHR

An EMR is a digital version of the paper charts in a clinician's
office. It contains the médical and treatment history of the
patients in one practice. 4n EHR is a more comprehensive
digital record of a patient's health. They're designed to go
beyond the data collected in the provider's office and can
include a broader view of a patient's care.

HL?

HL? standards provide a framework for integrating,
exchanging, sharing, and retrieving electronic health
information.

FHIR

FHIR is a standard developed by HL? for exchanging healthcare
information electronically.

OAuth (Open Authorization) is an open standard for access
delegation commonly used to grant applications limited access
to a user's information without exposing their passwords. It
provides a secure and standardized way for applications to
access resources on behalf of a user.

Medical Ontology

Structured framework that organizes medical knowledge into
categories and specifies the relationships between them.
Medical ontologies are essential for ensuring consistency,
interoperability, and the effective sharing of medical
information across different healthcare systems.

UMLS (Unified Medical
Language System)

The UMILS Metathesaurus is a large, multi-purpose, and
multilingual vocabulary database containing information about
biomedical and health-related concepts, their names, and their
relationships.

© HealthAssist

HealthAssist Concept

HealthAssist for Provider

HealthAssist for Providers automates routine patient-facing interactions, such as
appointment scheduling, medication management, and lab result inquines. It provides
patients with self-service options while reducing the administrative burden on healthcare
staff.

This solution supports both voice and text-based interactions and can be accessed
through multiple channels such as web, mobile, and voice platforms.

ng hehe hey aoe es oe Toget tee Menor use

.
a
]

‘The requeeroecd cht tor Aluernch 3, SSS la nic
areHilgie | get beeen g th Sen aed ake io

Benefits

Healthssist Provider offers several critical benefits to Patients, Agents, Caregivers,
Employees, and Consumers.

Patients

Healthssist improves the patient's interaction with their healthcare provider for
scheduling appointments, requesting documents, and accessing FAQs. HealthAssist
enhances access to the nght provider at the right time.
© HealthAssist

« Increase Satisfaction: Provides a smoother, more personalized patient
expenence.

* Decrease Wait Times: Reduces the time patients spend waiting for
appointments or information.

« improved Access to Care: Enhances access to healthcare services, ensuring
timely care delivery.

« Streamline Pre-visit Process: Automated appointment scheduling, document
submission, and preparation before visits.

« Streamline Information Updates: Easily manages updates to patient
information, such as contact details and health records.

* Price Transparency: Offers clear and accurate pricing information.

Agents

HealthAssist supports agents in assisting patents and in care coordination, as well as tasks
such as scheduling appointments and responding to FAQs, which enhances their performance.

« Reduce Routine Requests: Automates common inquiries, freeing agents to handle
more complex tasks.

« Improve Agent Support and Performance: Increases efficiency by reducing call times
and improving accuracy.

« Improve Info Access: Provides quick access to relevant patient information during calls.
Decrease After-Call Work: Minimizes the need for post-call documentation and
follow-ups.

« Increase/improve Compliance: Ensures adherence to healthcare regulations and
protocols.

« Training/Onboarding: Simplifies the onboarding process for new agents with real-time
support and guidance.

Caregivers

HealthAssist supports caregivers to interact with EMRs, review lab results, receive notifications
and alerts, document treatment plans, and assist patients with care instructions.

« Increase Attendance: Ensures caregivers are present and ready for critical tasks with
real-time updates.

« Improve Patient Routing: Enhances the process of directing patients to the correct
services and specialists.

« Increase Top of Licensure: Allows caregivers to focus on tasks aligned with their
training and expertise.

« Increase Number of Appointments: Automates routine tasks, allowing caregivers to
handle more appointments.
© HealthAssist

« Improve Documentation: Streamlines the documentation process, reducing errors and
improving efficiency.

Employees

HealthAssist supports employees in handling tasks related to revenue cycle management,
including claims, pre-authonzations, billing, and HR activities.
« Increase Revenue: Enhances billing and claims accuracy, leading to faster payments.
« Lower Admin Costs: Reduces administrative overhead through automation.
« Streamline Patient Onboarding: Simplifies the onboarding process for new patients,
reducing delays.
« Improve Patient Information: Ensures the accuracy and availability of patient data
across all systems.
« CMS Transparency in Coverage: Helps healthcare organizations meet regulatory
requirements for price transparency.

Consumers

HealthAssist supports consumers’ access to general information, such as finding healthcare
providers, hours of operation, and wellness services.

e Price Transparency: Ensures consumers have access to transparent pricing
information.

« Wellness Information: Provides information about the available wellness programs and
Services.

« Access to Free Services: Offers consumers details about free or low-cost health
services like wellness clinics.

« Provider Selection: Helps consumers find and select the best healthcare providers or
specialists based on their needs.

Capabilities

Following are the capabilities that HealthAssist provider offers:

e Appointment Management: Enables patients to schedule, reschedule, or cancel
appointments through @ conversational interface. Supports integration with major EMR
systems like Epic, Cemer, and NextGen.

« Medication Management: Allows patients to view prescribed medications and receive
reminders for prescription refills or dosages.

e Lab Results: Patents can check lab results through secure, HIPAA-compliant
interactions.

« Care Team Information: Provides patients with details about their care team, including
contact information, specialties, and availability.
© HealthAssist

« Symptom Checker: Integrates with clinical symptom-checking tools like Infermedica,
Isabel, and Mediktor, guiding patients through a series of questions to help identify
potential health issues.

« Patient Records Access: Seamlessly connects to EMRs, enabling patients to access
their medical history and records.

« Task Automation: Handles routine inquiries and tasks such as FAQ responses, bill
payments, and document requests, reducing administrative load.

# Omnichannel Support: HealthAssist Provider is available via web, mobile, and voice
channels

* Real-time Analytics: Provides insights into system usage, patient interaction data, and
operational performance, allowing organizations to track key metrics.

HealthAssist for Payer

Healthcare payers often face challenges such as high call center volumes and costs due
to routine inquiries (¢.g., claims status, coverage information), member dissatisfaction
caused by long wait times and limited access to information, and administrative
inefficiencies in managing claims, pre-authorzation, and billing processes. HealthAssist
addresses these pain points by automating many repetitive tasks that consume
resources and cause friction in member interactions.

HealthAssist for Payers is designed to streamline and improve interactions between
healthcare payers (insurance companies) and their members, agents, employees,
consumers, and providers. HealihAssist enhances health plan member engagement,
streamlines member enrollment, and improves member satisfaction using a digital,
self-service solution
© HealthAssist

ese NT + Health Assist
1+) What aia con i bap you eh

i rere: es ee pr tb
+ scart

icon cor | Bander yom 7 +) feere gracpoer comune Gea

Cl . + What inca | te-you who
o— =
9 hire ae
Wor unreal deduct 6 E000 oth yo

Panam omaet (f SOs pour Cecile,

Wika va Hag a bermceer HP: Crud OF cd Bea
9 ee

Benefits

HealthAssist Payers offers several key benefits to Members, Agents, Providers, Employees, and
Consumers.

Member Experience

HealihAssist streamlines interactions between health plan members and thei payers by
providing self-service tools for accessing ID cards, checking claims status, improving price
transparency for healthcare services, and retrieving personalized health plan information. This
allows members to get answers fo common questons and complete routine tasks without
waiting for agent assistance.

Agent Experience

HealthAssist assists call center agents in providing better service to members by reducing
routine tasks and automating common inquines such as claims status or coverage details. This
reduces human interaction for routine requests, allowing them to focus on more complex
queries and improving overall performance. It enhances agent performance and support
through automated information access and improves agent training and onboarding with
intelligent Al support.

Provider Experience
© HealthAssist

HealthAssist assists providers in accessing health plan coverage information, checking prior
authorization statuses, and streamlining the claim status process. Automating these workflows
helps providers deliver patient care without the administrative burden of handling insurance
details.

Employee Experience

HealthAssist enables employees to manage pre-authorizations, billing, claims, and HR-related
responsibilities by automating repetitive administrative tasks, enhancing information availability,
and optimizing intemal procedures.

Consumer Experience

HealthAssist provides transparency and access to educational content for consumers exploring
health plans or seeking general healthcare information, such as finding a doctor or educational
documents. This enhances their understanding of coverage options, helping them make
informed healthcare decisions.

Capabilities
The following are the capabilities that HealthAssist payer offers:

* Appointment Management: HealthAssist allows members to schedule and manage
their healthcare appointments through a digital platform, streamlining the process and
reducing the need for manual coordination.

« Benefits Management: Members can access their health plan details, review benefits,
and request coverage updates without having to contact customer service.

« Care Team Management: Provides members with information about their care team,
including contact details and roles, to improve communication and coordination.

* Member Management: Facilitates self-service options for members, such as ID card
replacement, updates to personal information, and account preference management.

« Revenue Cycle Management ensures the smooth handling of billing and claims
processing by automating common tasks and improving communication between payers
and members.

« Medication Management: In a secure environment, members can review prescribed
medications, refill requests, and medication histories.

« Employee Management Supports employees in managing their workflow, handling
HR-related tasks, and addressing member inquiries more effectively.

« FAQ/Search: Al-driven FAQ and search functionalities enable members to quickly find
answers to common questions, reducing call volumes and improving service efficiency.

HealthAssist for Life Science

Today, the Healthcare industry faces several major issues, such as complexity and high volume
of data involved in patient and provider interactions, which can overwhelm traditional systems
© HealthAssist

routine tasks such as adverse event reporting, patient onboarding, and clinical trial enrollment.
HealthAssist simplifies this by automating all these routine tasks and tackles the problem of
inefficient call center operations by providing intelligent, self-service solutions that streamline
interactions and improve response times. Additionally, HealthAssist helps ensure compliance
with regulatory requirements by automating the documentation and reporting processes.

HealthAssist for Life Sciences is designed to enhance patient, agent, provider, employee, and
consumer interactions through digital self-service and automation. It helps Life Science
Organizations create self-service experiences for frequently asked questions, surveys,
education, etc., and transform life science call centers by providing a digital-first approach.

Benefits

Patient Experience

HealthAssist significantly enhances the patient experience by providing timely health reminders
and personalized medication information, and seamless onboarding processes for new
therapies. This self-service capability ensures that patients receive consistent updates about
their health management, including drug interactions and adverse events, without the need for
constant direct contact with healthcare providers.

Agent Experience

For call center agents, HealthAssist offers a transformative approach to handling patient
inquines and support tasks. By automating routine requests and providing real-time access to
comprehensive patient and product information FAQs, agents can focus on more complex
issues that require human intervention. Agents also benefit from enhanced training and
onboarding processes.

Provider Benefits

HealthAssist delivers substantial advantages to healthcare providers by facilitating efficient
medical information and interaction management. The platform streamlines access to critical
data such as drug interactions, clinical content, and patient information, thereby improving
communication with medical affairs and other healthcare professionals.

Employee Benefits

Employees within life science organizations gain significant operational efficiencies from
HealthAssist's automated processes. The platform supports streamlined reporting, simplified
GRC (Govemance, Risk, and Compliance) tasks, Employee GRC Reporting, Drug Interactions /
Adverse Events automated detection, Sales Rep report filing, checking targets. reviewing KPIs,
© HealthAssist

assisting employees with Help Desk and HR activities, and Coordinating StaffiFacility
Resources Informational VAS and FAQS.

Consumer Benefits

HealthAssist provides consumers easy access to a wealth of general product information,
educational resources, and assistance programs.

Capabilities

The following are the capabilities that HealthAssist Life Science offers:

« Automated Inbound/Outbound Communications: Engages patients, providers, and
employees through intelligent, Al-driven communications, handling both inbound and
outbound interactions.

« Adverse Event Reporting & Detection: This system automates the capture and
reporting of adverse events, ensuring compliance with regulatory standards.

* FAQs and Knowledge Base Search: Provides accurate and immediate responses to
commonly asked questions.

« Employee Assistance: Assists employees with intemal queries related to HR and IT,
improving employee satisfaction and reducing support costs.

Integration

EMR/EHR Integration

HealihAssist Provider supports integrating several EMRs to streamline data
sharing and enhance workflow efficiency. The following is the list of supported

EMRs.

Epic
Cemer
Denticon
NextGen

For the Epic Integration, HealthAssist Provider offers two scheduling methods.
Direct Scheduling and Open Scheduling

Direct Scheduling: This method utilizes a two-factor authentication
process with Epic MyChart, which requires a session PIN generated via
the MyChart interface.

Open Scheduling: This flexible model allows for creating new patient
records and scheduling with providers across the organization.
© HealthAssist

Administrators can configure either Direct or Open Scheduling or a hybrid
model based on their business and operational needs.

Providers may use different EMRs and different methods. of authentication.
HealthAssist task flows remain the same regardless of the authentication. For
example, if a patient starts scheduling an appointment, the steps to make an
appointment stay the same regardless of the EMR/authentication selected.

Symptom Checker Integration

What is a Clinical Symptom Checker?

A. clinical symptom checker is an algonthm based on clinical best practices
implemented as software and integrated with a patient-facing user interface.
Patients describe thei clinical symptoms to the symptom-checking algonthm, and
are prompted with follow-up questions to refine further the medical condition they
are expenencing.

Note: Clinical Symptom checkers are not a substitute for professional medical
advice, diagnosis, or treatment. They are intended to offer quidance and be used
as supplementary tools. It is advisable to consult a healthcare provider for a
comprehensive evaluation and personalized médical advice.

Supported Symptom Checkers

HealthAssist integrates with vanous clinical symptom checkers via API:

«= Infermedica
«§=§[sabel
«= |Mediktor

In addition, HealthAssist supports the use of a customer-provided Urgency Table
which associates clinical symptoms with a set of organizational priorities and
Standards.

In combination, the clinical symptom-checking service and organization-provided
Urgency Table improve the dialogue between HA and patent to solicit and
summarize their symptoms and recommend an appropnate provider specialty as
as well as applying organizational policies regarding appointment offerings.
Using the HealthAssist Urgency Table alone allows organizational imperatives to
be implemented based onmachine learning (ML) and fundamental meaning
© HealthAssist

(FM) engines to deliver highly accurate understanding of conversations a
patient's described symptoms and reasons for requesting their visit.

Natural Language Processing (NLP)

HealthAssist uses a combination of Machine Learning (ML) and Fundamental
Meaning (FM) engines to deliver highly accurate conversation understanding. These two
models capture user intent with minimal upfront training and ensure that interactions
between patients, healthcare providers, and the system are efficient and intuitive.

Machine Learning Engine

Training:

HealthAssist's ML model has been pre-trained with over 1,000 utterances in each
supported language, allowing the virtual assistant to understand a wide range of queries
out of the box. The platform also includes system entities like date, time, and numbers.
Additionally, custom entities are designed to recognize specific healthcare-related inputs,
such as ICD codes, appointment types, medical specialties, and provider details. This
pre-training drastically reduces the need for extensive customization, ensuring a faster
go-live.

Intent Detection:

HealthAssist employs a Few Shot Model for intent detection, improving user intention
identification’s granularity with minimal training. This model relies on cosine similarity,
measuring the similarity between different utterances to detect user intent accurately.
The Few Shot Model's strength lies in its minimal reliance on specific pattems, allowing
for a wide variety of utterance types, which increases accuracy across multiple
scenanos.

To configure the intent detection model in HealthAssist, navigate to Natural Language >
Thresholds & Configurations > Machine Learning > Network Type. This section
provides additional configuration options, enabling fine-tuning of the assistant's intent
detection capabilities to suit specific operational needs. For more details on Network

Types, click bere.

~ Machine Learning @&

Canfigure the thresholds. and configurations associated with Machine Leaming model

Mobeork Typo

Choose fhe Aebwork Type to train the indent models.
Faw-shod Mocks! (Kore al Hosted Enibecdings) tet
Standard

MLP- BW

al Pdi rd eevee Avil ear.
© HealthAssist

Fundamental Meaning

Training:

The Fundamental Meaning (FM) engine works differently from ML by using semantic
rules and language context to detect user intent. The FM engine leverages synonyms,
concepts, and patterns to interpret utterances. For instance, if a user mentions “doctor”
or "physician," both terms are mapped to the concept of a healthcare provider, ensuring
that the assistant can detect the correct intent regardless of terminology.

Traits:

In the FM model, traits are critical components for intent detection. Traits represent
specific entities, attributes, or details that users might express during a conversation. For
example, a user may ask about "aftemoon" availability without specifying an exact time.
The FM engine uses this trait (aftemoon) to refine the conversation flow or provide
relevant options based on time vanations.

LLM & Generative Al

Overview

The latest version of Health Assist has been transformed into a more versatile and flexible
platform to meet all your healthcare related needs. Powered by advanced Generative Al, itis
designed to understand, process, and generate human-like text responses, significantly
enhancing the user experience and offering flexibility and ease of enhancement.

Features

Automated Data Extraction: Al-powered application that enables automatic extraction
and categorization of relevant information from user input.

Natural Language Processing: Undersiands and processes natural language inputs,
making it easier to capture entities like names, dates, job tiles, medical conditions etc.
Customizable Rules: Allows setting up specific rules and conditions for capturing and
processing data, ensunng the application aligns with policies and procedures.
Consistent Data Handling: Rule-based entities ensure consistent and accurate data
handling, minimizing discrepancies.

Conversational Al: Engages in natural, human-like conversations with users, guiding
them through the process. It can understand user inputs presented in multiple ways or
using a complex set of instructions.
© HealthAssist

« Context-Aware Interactions: Understands the user context for interactions, enabling
more relevant and personalized responses.

Gen Al Configuration

For the Gen Al support in HealthAssist, integrate your application with LLM and Generative Al
models and configure the Dynamic Conversations feature.

LLM Integration

Go to the Generative Al and LLM integration page and configure the LLM model of your choice.
For step-by-step instructions on integration with supported LLMs, refer to this documentation.

Bower anus wane CL OD Heeeee 4] a @ cri lai [| oe
a fa
anarathed Al & LLM
© Storyboard a 5 ~
a Ty Lidl Bh Geeeraches Ai
2 us
AL) Fehr Aa
cp doer! Tako.
~ (LLM ienegrations
i Snail Talk = iad Mi
OC ome
wy “ . @ sec ® Dome a and Bice: a Comte LLM
Tbr
= Thyhoak & Cathy
oO Keg a 8G ET
# Geneoies A Lis
® @iiemo
 dangrg Evewty
hon va nmmeue St c=» ©

Dynamic Conversations Configuration
Enable the following configurations to optimize the use of Generative Al in workflows.

Gen Al Node This is required when using the Gen Al node in dialogs.

Gen Al Prompt This is required to use the Gen Al Prompt node in dialogs.
Rephrase Dialog This feature enables the LLM to rephrase bot responses before
Responses displaying them to the user.

For more details, refer to this documentation.
© HealthAssist

HealthAssist Use Cases

HealthAssist for Provider Use Cases

Authentication

The HealthAssist platfonn provides a seamless authentication process using key patient
information such as name, phone number, gender, and date of birth. This method
ensures a secure and straightforward way to verify patient identity during interactions.

+ HealthAssist 7 it + HealthAssist

Tie Bp ORO wt oc pers Vou i peo name alg maa

Tipe Gaege 10  e a perme "Yo

Haney Sie Sep 10 Sd ae pe ves |

I Paice ariel a DebeapePa te anti
sca TOS eth pout OC OUI Hlercy Tae Sep 10 207M at aT pm

Tine Sap 00 OM a TI pee We tb For further wenficwion, pleaie provide pour

Cc) —
Feeney Tet Sep 10 hdd od pe

a The phon number prowised 1
Mis that coment? faey Vor Gop 10 2a ace pm

Tie Sep V0 SRD wt cas prs Yow

“Thank you for the otails Richard You are

Tied Shap a aoe pa Vid oe fully verted

Hency Tae Sep 10 303d at hp

Wenoy Te Bep 10 D0 ee] pe lp
= * lurderstaead you wild lite to uae poet
] For veriicaien purposes. pleas enber provider Whall af TDOOT ane yOu
jour dale of Birth er eong?
he, “ *e

Schedule an Appointment

HealthAssist offers an efficient appointment scheduling feature that allows patients to
book, reschedule, or cancel appointments with healthcare providers seamlessly. This
feature is integrated with leading Electronic Medical Record (EMR) systems such as
Epic, Cerner, and NextGen, ensuring real-time availability and accuracy.

Patients can schedule appointments through multiple channels, including web, mobile
apps, or voice. HealthAssist uses a step-by-step conversational interface, where patients
are guided to select their preferred provider, time slot, and location. For example, a
patient can interact with the virtual assistant by saying, “| need to book an appointment
© HealthAssist

with Dr. Smith next week," and HealthAssist will check availability and confirm the
appointment.

+ Health Asset rT Be # HealthAssiat
Maer Tan Se 1 ST a 708 oe Ce PT
:] Ths language maf to Engine.

ot Plewae tag:the button below io choose 9
Pireren erie | pa mefcerd wrorveke "eerie Citar apd epoca ere or
i de a a a
whe

oe: mary | haeip you today

Tree Soe w (Check Apatite Dots
at Sapapeteevtr ramet foe Ls - ' =
7 => puso
F prvrpang 1: seheeaue thie appears
in i OTe OTe Lil a nowy For ipo.
i | Schedule an Appomirer
mat ia
2
FER, cos sorter a “a = Post Op Vina
Sagnaea 11s, Sou  e ane
a 2 od foam ti ie
Aer Pc bec
FET seecteteir ar somictent Ey
Pancp fue en 1th
Uhre
i bora 1 whareiecan i help you wht

Read Appointment

Healthssist's “Read an Appointment" feature lets patients easily retrieve details of their
upcoming or past appointments with healthcare providers. This feature, integrated with
leading EMR systems like Epic, Cerner, and NextGen, provides real-time access to
appointment information, including date, time, location, and the attending provider's
details.

Patients can simply ask the virtual assistant, “When is my next appointment?” or “What
are the details of my appointment with Dr. Smith?" HealthAssist will quickly respond with
the requested information, ensuring clarity and convenience.
© HealthAssist

+ HealthAssist

Maney Tue Seo 10 2028 at 601-12 om
<P What else can |help you with?

Tut Sep 10 2024 af €001-32 pe ou

Change the Gove of npr appointment

ancy Tue Sep 10 2024 ABO em

co Okay, | am looking up your upcoming
medical appointments T

You have 4 appointments scheduled. Which one would
you fe to meechedule?

Post Op Wisit
SSepheriber 11th, 224 at 0900 AM
Fred Hosen

Duration 1 Sirens
Located af Main Office, i Collier Ac, Atlanta, OA,
4

Poet Op Viel
i Semencer 25h, 2024 of 00 AM
he A

Reschedule Appointment

The HealthAssist "Reschedule Appointment" feature enables patients to modify their
existing healthcare appointments effortlessly. Patients can simply request to change their
appointment via voice or web channels, and HealthAssist will display available time slots
based on the provider's schedule. Once a new time is selected, the system confirms the
updated appointment, enhancing convenience, reducing administrative workload, and
improving overall patient satisfaction.
© HealthAssist

+ HealthAssist

Haney Tue Sep 10 3004 af 201 pm

ss What else can i hefip you with?

Pisate select your prefered provider from the x
av@labte list and choose o date that suis pour
schedule.

Tue Sep 10 2 at 61-32 os Fou

Fred Boren tw

hency Tue hep 10 Dood a eo 4 pn

Sepaaembar 2024 ?
J Otcay, Iam looking up your upcoming “

madical appaaniments 7 ee oa Ba

You have 4 apposriments scheduled. Which one would

you like to reschedule 10 11 13
Op Visi bh 7 18 2)
ara 1th, 20024 at O90) AM 304 af, W
Duration 15: rires x
Located at Main Office, 998 Collier Ad, Astanta, GA, 4
Bs
Post Op Vesia
a, Seplember 25th, 2024.af 0000 AM =
a a hy, _/

Fanny Tut Sep 1

| Please tap the button below to choose a
new appointonent shot

Thewe aire The inailable appoisiresnts for Fred Arua = Check Available Sicts
on Wistneaday, September 25th. pit
Maney Tue Sep 102004 af 20211 pm
cand AM -
" a uf fim trying bo reschedule this appointment
rn now for you
oa1s3M
a-20 AM
Post Op Visit
54M September 2905, 2004401199 AM
Fred asen
eet 15 rr
15 aM renege tap ae
0 AM

ancy Tue Sep 10 2024 st 20218 om

Peas bh Uf What else can |help you wath? b

back

© HealthAssist

Cancel Appointment

The HealthAssist “Cancel Appointment” feature lets patients easily cancel their
scheduled healthcare appointments through a simple, automated process. Patients can
initiate the cancellation request by providing basic information like their appointment
details, after which HealthAssist confirms the cancellation and updates the provider's
schedule in real-time.

+ HealthAssist

Tue Sep 00200 at 2000034 pe Yow

ancy Tue Sep 1020 ed on

oT take 1 capsule by oral route every 12

hours for 30 das for Worniting

Hence Tue Sep 10 20d 2 pe

I What aise can | eip pou with?

Toe Sep $0 at 2 hind pee ew

Mancy Tut Sep 10 2004 eee 13 pe

I Okay, Iam koiing wp your upcoming
Medical aopcninernts I

Haney Tut dep 1020 a ae 16 pe

4 You have | appoinment scheduled for

October 9th, 2024

+ HealthAssist

m

<p

5

Poot Op Vieit

October Sth, aida

Fred Rosen

Geo85 AM

Quratian 15 mins

Locaned at Masn Qefine, G95 Collar Fd,
Atlinta Ga, R09

Are you sure you weet te cancel thie
appointment?

Tes Bian

Tue Sep 10-200 at ac10-24 pm eeu

Maney Tue Sep 10 2d eo po
[canceled this appoinimert for you. Mt

Maney Tue Seq 10 3idd at Bd pm

What elise cain Uteelgs yous with?

Symptom Checker/Diagnosis

The HealthAssist "Symptoms Checker/Diagnosis” feature empowers patients to self-assess
their health concerns. It allows users to describe their symptoms and receive preliminary
guidance on potential conditions. This feature facilitates a structured dialogue with patients,
asking follow-up questions to refine symptom descriptions and provide more accurate
recommendations. While itis not a substitute for professional medical evaluation, it helps quide
patients toward appropriate care options and facilitates more informed consultations with
© HealthAssist

healthcare providers.

+ HealthAssist

cr | Junderstand you would like to see your
Brcridet evhal eyTnpaomna ane you
experiencing?

Tue Sep 80 224 at hc pen ew

Naney Tue Sep 10 204. at 625008 pm

“2h pn gonry'ba haber teas. (have a few
questions betore we lock for a aulnabie
appointment slot.

Magmecy Tae Sep 10 2004 at 6 2508 pn
a be the fewer 102.5 oF higher?

Tut Sap 80 Ss at cS peri es

Aepy Tue Sep 10 2004 15 pm

“a Is the fewer 100.5 amd hag Geen there for
mare than 3 days?

Care Team

+ HealthAssist

Tue Sep 10 Sod an 7 een

Hof has not been there for 3 days

Maney Tue Sep 10 2024 29 pe

i Are you experiencing abdominal pain?

Tut Sap 10 Doc wt oS peri eo

ancy Tue Sep 10 204 Se on

Thani for sharing shee deta.

Mancy Tue Sep 10 2004. e220 pm

®.

ae a - bs

a

The HealthAssist "Care Team” feature enables patients to easily access information

about their healthcare providers and care teams, ensuring seamless communication and

collaboration. Through this feature, patients can view details about the doctors,
specialists, and other healthcare professionals involved in their treatment, making it

easier to manage ongoing care.

© HealthAssist

+ HealthAssist

Show more

Hasep Tus Se Ph 2004 oo dem

“4 What elee can | help you with?

Tue Sep 10 2024 ot Sie pen Yo

Haney Tue Ses ph 2c a oes om
I Ok, Fen locking up your care team nore
Weu hana 1 manniber of your care lear.

Charles Comm
Bude: CAREGIVER

Aamep Tus See bh 20c4 adobe 8S em
“OP What else can |help you with?

Medication order

The HealthAssist “Medication Order" feature offers patients a streamlined way to view
and manage their prescribed medications. This feature allows patients to access details
about their current prescriptions, including dosage, frequency, and instructions, ensuring
they stay on top of their medication regimen. HealthAssist reduces the risk of missed
doses and medication errors by providing real-time updates on prescription statuses and
refills.
© HealthAssist

+ HealthAssist

Tose CLA a LO ee ag {

Beney Tet Seo 10 20 eT

(Chay, barn ening up pour cee mrcsicilin $00 ng coprele
—— Preerriiedon Erin icey WIT
Preuribed ir

Vipera 4 active recicoon orders. To vee reore dete,

eeieci a mecdication fora tha lat beds

at B10 ER ee id

Aapirn Law Dasa A rag nabia aetayedd
hema Tut eg, 1S a
“phe 1 capsule oy oem mane weary 12
Vooling

releane
=] dee TE, TOT
cach Barca
Pecues foo 30 pe for

Topeal EL 245 meg Diosty
=] re 18, a aay Bue Sep Ta at OR oe

‘a Whar eet oan i Pep na war?

Medical Ontology

The HealthAssist “Medication Ontology" feature leverages a structured knowledge base
to provide accurate and comprehensive medication information. This ontology organizes
and categorizes medication data, including drug interactions, side effects, dosage
guidelines, and therapeutic classifications, making it easier for patients and healthcare
providers to understand and manage treatments.

Rgrery Tor ep 1 OD oe

Fi OF “,

a Porgy ete oF Pag ei EP aay Med eg 1S TS pee

Begmey Tae ey EO aL Te

a a - a ca 1M TAI “i enke ee the eid Condon:
Conmponding ICD onde Toa fi 000M nb Hore foo
Tae ep 0 es pe
Bieeg Sr es

a Plaga: prostde the CD once to locken, = fd a
Glee Tam Se 8) pre wed a TY EY ter
i Ph ing saad ao pe | eS, So CC ROR a
i Here ar he 2970 Cet fe er eee el a Pa a:
parr Pa MC FOL Te

ay Se fee 19 2 dc oe | peal cae pg ra id

+ nes Chd Cae a ea pina Sekt Apr be eee
P aurmamech cos E1100 in dad te | akg hh lt
Famamres ened lee oes aad
i aes rhe Dee eerie une rae ee pea lan ae a ay
(ecko eee com Apes cay evi Been

2 howtos ere ech Deer perm dial
fey Tea Sa 0 es oe

Rina int ora yp Wg] ete ee Pag wey ——_—

h, 2 a Ss J

© HealthAssist

Health Care for Payers - Member Facing Use Cases

Member Authentication

The HealthAssist authentication feature for payers offers secure access for members by
utilizing their unique member number. Once the member number is provided,
HealthAssist sends a one-time password (OTP) to the registered mobile number or email
associated with the member's account. This two-factor authentication process ensures
that only authorized members can access their sensitive health plan information, claims
status, and other services, safeguarding their data while maintaining a seamless user

EXpenence.

+ Helthaeciet + HealthAssist

Uhura sent the PIM code oe your eegiateredd
eral kd
Lt Pease tyoe In chen recetved

Same. nan help pow with thet. Before

Brecending. pease etter wot member
9 = - | sess
F mzase | Q Thanks! (wearable to very you

loanisend 2 onefine PIA to ihe registered
sailor phone raraber negithered with this
ED serber number which would you preter?

+ First o@, is the cain ter yourtelt or aeother
a Ber ae owe plan?

i
|, Dapeerabeat J

Sarre. | cme eds yee wth the,

lige ent tee FIN coce ion your nepahenec

onal siren
+ Piguae Spe inwheen rece G a

File a Claim

HealthAssist for Payers simplifies the filing process by allowing health plan members to
submit their claims digitally through an easy-to-use interface. Members can complete the
medical benefit request form directly. Additionally, the platform supports uploading
necessary documentation, including bill images or receipts, to ensure the claim is fully
supported. This streamlined process eliminates manual paperwork and speeds up claim
processing.
weap xanvcvumania
APRA iy Paiepurovarsy ded] pps pie ey,

ae SO Soe oT a,
FARA yey A jo A 6

2A, PRY | ATL as YL [Pe |S

FE EG

eR
cn guru apd yy LAr cup |G WY 6

sad PG

ad SS A OG A

et ae + |
UE | pes Bel ad

saa os Lae BE OS a,

ioe

lee DE Oe a,

ua O

fo dary erie use gig an aeeag

i aad a A, “i

EE

\

|

oo @ mm ©

.uamped preening) ACY erp ‘RY

Aue ep OCR pe |e

aren Rae ogg) up mie saad crcl Lee apy
cull yeu Gy pee Le pea Appt a ye

7H

Lh a
Beira reel dete gue igh po ura dag te py FY
(BU 0 GAS [A A A

oo wm O
feet Re 8]

a
(Ree UP pt PP ag uch pe]

isanbay yyeueg jeaIpayy

x

a “
=e ©

aap Barre granu
Jd SU TWU0O 01 Bg Pay

ed ead EO A

cand a ES LL,

“npc sod a 8, anG mLyoon en ey o

ad rd SO

nad Sf EEG

aa) ES)

gen nud egemp eet ue aad [+]

em ed EOE A L.

ngmunyens =O

wd rd Eo A

Aroligacrapecn) iow F

a =

aad ce a EEE PL,

ad ed ET a

aad EP SEE SS

20 ely 6
bar te rey or

ISISSYYYEAH ()
© HealthAssist

Request ID Card

HealthAssist for Payers streamlines the process of requesting an ID card by offering
members a quick and convenient self-service option. Members can request a new or

replacement IID card through the platform, which automatically verifies. their identity and

processes the request. The platform supports digital delivery options via phone or mail,
allowing members to access a virtual ID card instantly.

Pag LEES i your

+ physician for further details.

Ths Peter Sa i Se

Pitas bee 2) OE a BOS per Here b.acopy of your ID card
+ what alte can | halpeyou mith?
Ths hae 0 2 a BO ers Cree =.
Sod —~_e

Tis Petar 0) OG ed 4: pars — = a tr
— = FF

He eit oe yu hue os Deere Care Plan a = ifs

Ey Care Pies sited a Mibeiead Care Plan.

Which iD card ani pees inching: for? a —
—————
=
— ea

Thu Mier 30) SS et EO pee

Dean send a copy ofthls wa $M50n your
moble or on your registered email ID. Which
Tis hia 30 BO we 2 ps would ou preter?

Bere ba copy of poer ID card

. / \. /

Add Dependent

HealthAssist for Payers simplifies the process of adding dependents to a health plan by
offering a seamless self-service feature for members. Members can easily submit a
request to add a dependent, such as a spouse or child, by filling out a dependent form
directly through the platform. The form captures essential details like the dependent's
name, date of birth, and relationship to the member.
© HealthAssist

Fs a m
HeithAseet Gependents information HeolthAgsiat
meobae of 08 yoo! taped eel 10 ‘eich: dey i brers-ieat- fred Ae —————
— L |
Lar a PR Lee came? + ot = ne ee
+] Prauae check below ta cotta wear
re La hg bere
fia bias LO a a (aa in ge se ia =
Th ten SEE BET
Tig oka 01 20S Pare promi time A
Dedecipidorsetion Fore a
SGraor Ina Ge 2 nopy oF paar ID) cand ca . o inbeeiatally dienes
pet tapered eed -
+ Po Pe HC! ee re Thu ete) ES el ps
“) iia Ferate
as Pa OR Tp - i+) feu wera co hig a eh
co =e
9 hat ee cue! bei you mt i aa ps rider RS iro
wa [snes |
Tis bee Li a Ld
Wer ie Pe ee Th ae A SEE HOS pr
Pparer 1 bnle bari La noetoman pe
Pos Paka a BETS pes ieee eg bee
Plate Tk Deitel at
Coraruntion aling star at o
=  -— :
L j
Ye. =i Ya =

Co-Pay by Service

HealthAssist for Payers streamlines the process of understanding and managing copays
by service, making it easier for members to access critical information. Members can
view detailed copay amounts based on specific services, such as doctor visits, specialist
consultations, or prescription medications, directly through the platform.
© HealthAssist

+ HealthAssist : + HeoalthAssist
‘ved hep 11 SUS at 2 See , Care #10
Autheripatiortor Rilease of Protected Health Speciale: ad
Information Foren i succeisfulby gubeitned
+ Preventative care bt]
itea lpg 11. PODS at TS es ‘Wed Mag 11 2007 st 3-30 pe
9 Hene- is acopy of your form for reference +] ‘What elsecan | help you with?
‘ive Mieg 11 S022 et See ited My 11 ST at Ce

+ ‘What else can | helg you with?

Weed big 11 07 et ee ‘eed! Mag 1) 2S wt eh pe

GHEE neem

Seiad Rally: 11 SS ot Se pe

+ ‘Here are your oo-payment details: Service Tepe Ameurd
Primary Care Pl)
Service Tepe Amount Specialist re]
Primary Care $10 Preventather cane A
Soecieist 505 hed Mag 11 DODD an 7 Se pm
p =— we +] What dsecan | help you with™
Viva Pali 11 DS we Ea pes idea baling 11 SS wt: Sid pe

+ What ese can | hele you wth?

Saeed

A, y h, /

Out-of-pocket limits

HealthAssist for Payers simplifies health plan members' management and understanding
of out-of-pocket limits. This feature allows members to easily track their healthcare

spending and view how much they have contributed toward their annual out-of-pocket
limit.
© HealthAssist

\

+ HealthAssist
$2000, of which yous have rept $500 towards

GD  sacectte

eat olin 14, DOS ae 10 pw

+ ‘What else can | help you with?

Weed Hy U8 SOO wt cI pe

Silman ch SSS oe a? pe

Wiad ley 1) OCS an ac pe
aval allge 10 SOS wt 1 pe

The: sews! deductible ter pour tarnidy is $4000

+) of which you have met $5000.

(ae Mie LL 2002 at dc1330 pe

‘What ese can | help youth?

Wed May 0) 0G 4 pe

i. 2
CEE

Weed ede a ches
+] ‘What else can help wou with™
Wied Ming 1!) 2003 wt 2-35-47 pm
Wed May 10 Sita en llpen

‘Sour daughter Jane's anual deductible is
$2000, of which you have met $1500 towards
i+) the deductible,
Wied alae LE a ace es
+ ‘Wehat eine can i help you with?

ited! lng 11. 2OIS wt 4-35-23 pee

Weed Maly 11 Bd be

‘dour Out Co Network annual deckuectitolgy ig.

$5000, of which you have mat $4500 towards

your deductible. The annual deductible for your
+ Heenily 1a $0000 of which pou Pave met $5500,

Weed ely LE AO ache

+] ‘What else can Uhelp you vith?

a

Request Annual Health Statement

* a

HealthAssist for Payers streamlines the process of requesting an Annual Health Statement for
health plan members. Members can quickly request a summary of their healthcare services and
expenses for the year, including details on claims, copays, out-of-pocket expenses, and covered
benefits.
© HealthAssist

Init

‘soar prirsary cane areydiclan is required te:
andra your medical canditkon ard provicke
+ deuce ibatiad far a vie,

Ved My 1 See
+] what eincae | hep you with?
Wied Sigg 1) DO

Mey 1b aA ee

4, =

2021 Annual Health Statement

Your Health Plan Savings

Medical claims:
This chart and pie graph show how much your health care plan paid and how much you paid

O YorSeege: 3 § Your Cot

© HealthAssist

Health Care for Payers -Provider Facing Use Cases

Provider Validation

Healthssist for Payers simplifies the provider validation process by allowing members
to verify whether a healthcare plan is within the time limit. This feature enables members
to quickly check a provider's eligibility, credentials, and validity before scheduling
appointments or receiving care.

~

+ HealthAssist } + HealthAssist y

TS rg

i+] = term are the plans this mamber is eligible for
Select apian trom the Est in-view details

ed tocheck a member's eligibility

Deed Cae Paes:
Effective Data: Aaruary 9, 2022

Tis her 1 SS ot Be ee

Play Loonfirm the MPH or Medicaid IID you Eye Care Pian
i+] are inquiring about? ET Effective Chute: Mier, 322

Thay Mar 10 2002 wt DEA pm
Maceal Care Plan
+) Ofhective Cmte: Merch 10, 2003
Thos Boag 2D SHOVE wt EPH oer

— eee

Thy Pla 10 200g a 20r1F pe

Thus br 10) 2 at Bee pe

Ts Potar SS ot S e

‘ ‘This member has Medical Care Plan with ain

effective date of March 10, 2022. This plan

o 0 98 @

Ths Mier 20) SO at Beep expires on March #, 2025.
eta Teron
Thu Mar 10 2002 at AL pen Tinea Pea 0) DD we BS em
. Gg te
/\ /

Claim Status

Health4ssist for Payers streamlines the claim status inquiry process, allowing members
to easily check the progress of their submitted healthcare claims. Members can view
© HealthAssist

real-time updates on their claims, including approval status, payment details, and any
required actions for pending claims.

Lan

Thar SUCH i Te Se

Vester St REE ee

That retnibe: bat bbeaicad Care Pan vith an
aftecties det March 1 00] Trnplan
emiren oo edarch & OG

Wott as a a a pe

1+] ‘What aha cus | help pou es

Pig a DI TD at BC

Peta Safe ES Saat pe
‘Happy to beso! Myo bee th 17 dig ii
nab, goat wclecte tun ron [T
(Gthersiat icasuearca tar claim ning a

o ==

Dey ter Ba OG we: eb as

~s,

=

9

a

emmy bo Peter Opie redress
sorter po shea aed este tices [TF
“Drherede (ope aioe Por Clans vain a
mania 1D

Thee br 10 20 a

nm “BES ER a S15 oa

a=
_——.

oo

Pier 2020S oe Ls

Tegel Pore deta tall alee bo
thtuboon.

+
9

Teer Lee Foods ee

Thea ha i SS ae HS

oak Laem 3D,

is har 1 Sa

The belt pare: ee ed eit che EFT
alta A rad eer Oe ALON
30 Baa

"Ps Pla BL) Jt Sak a

Wise pies Dat 1a tres he ae
ledewen gti fee ties chases”

Ge)

~

© HealthAssist

HealthAssist Administration

Health Assist for Provider
HealthAssist Provider Architecture

Bot Access
HealthAssist Provider bot can be accessed through the following channels:

Accessing the Web Channel
The HealthAssist Provider bot is accessible to users via the dedicated web URL. This
channel enables users to navigate and interact easily with the bot's features.

Accessing the Voice Channel
© HealthAssist

The HealthAssist Provider bot allows users to engage through voice calls in multiple
languages.

« English (EN): +1 938-888-2904

* Arabic (AR): +1 251-351-4593

* Spanish (ES): +1 251-297-3118

Customizing HealthAssist with Workbench

Workbench Introduction

To create a virtual assistant that reflects the brand image and is engaging and
usetul for their consumers, every organization needs to tailor the virtual
assistants to suit their specific needs. HealthAssist allows easy customization
of the assistant using the Solution Workbench. Solution Workbench provides a
sandbox-like environment that will enable you to customize, personalize, and
extend HealthAssist enabling capabilities without complex coding or resources.
As an administrator, you can personalize the look and teel of HealthAssist,
modify the conversational design, configure or pre-train it to respond to
queries, enhance the assistant'’s capabilities to support customized use cases
and monitor it for continuous improvements.

Accessing the HealthAssist Workbench

The HealthAssist team will create your account to set up a HealthAssist
Provider VA for demonstration/testing. Ensure that you receive the email with
Your Usemame and password.

Once the account is created,
© HealthAssist

1. Open your web browser and navigate to the Workbench login page.

GHeatthtesiss

2. Enter your email ID and password.
3. Click Sign In to access the Workbench.

Dashboard Analysis

The Overview dashboard gives a snapshot of the Virtual Assistant's conversations,
user analytics, and performance over time. You can filter the information by date,
conversation type (interactive and non-interactive), conversation status, and more.

To view the Overview dashboard, click the Analyze tab on the top menu and then click
Standard Dashboard in the left navigation. Select appropriate filters on the dashboard
and click Apply.

<need updated image>
© HealthAssist

Ce ee et — coer lll ee o t=]
eee » Bowie Matrice
— tonee ute ere oI
Hosea ee eee
oor oe
Pe singe “ w aura
_— =
a
il .
Linara Per Day That Pires bop nad necked predate
(yess
2 | wih > , \
al _ “oe _
Theat Neat!
That by oe oreeresiion Seasices Pes Coy
= | \
a” oO"
Ou _
} )
Tait hat
br eeerere cere Dee ence 9; Pale ery OC

Assistant Personalization

Branding and User Interface Customization

Branding helps build trust and familiarity in user interactions with HealthAssist.
The platform provides customization options to ensure the virtual assistant
aligns with your organization's brand identity, creating a consistent and
professional experience for users.

(D tigmth dapat EARLS DOSNT ETTORE SET il or ranaaren ranqe 7 a Oo ana =] oO

2 amorer seca - Branding:

|- ere on Mare
FA secs tera an bet
tend a ong Lo

Gh carce weirs

FR ade ccs

Site eee

Bama ol che Jiri

He aed

tia Li

AE Fm pid ar
oN Eo pall re Se bare a ah Sr aa sd ey

Wen ions ti Coshgeutan
Woks! Thercer

Cetin gL re OD ctax3:_| ““@
© HealthAssist

You can configure the following elements of HealthAssist to represent your
brand:

Company Name: Name of the company

Company Logo: Logo of the company

Assistant Name: Name to be displayed on the top of the virtual
assistant widget representing your service desk

« Assistant Logo: Logo to be displayed along with the name on the top of
the virtual assistant widget.

« Widget Theme: Color scheme to be used for the virtual assistant
widget. There are two color themes available by default. You can also
create anew color scheme as per your requirements. To create a
custom widget, refer to the following section.

To create a new theme or modify the existing one to suit your requirements,

1. Navigate to the Branding page under Assistant Personalization.

ited GMT RS RT BETTE a en a ed | oS

oD serra,
eps dort

| ff oe
GB eres
6 a
Bose meres

fe hogar pracy ed Bhar pe yh romp fH het prt pT eer as prep

‘Perk Minit OS coterie

Woes he

— =

= iS)
2. Click the Create Theme button to add a custom theme for the widget
and give ita name. This opens the theme editor, which allows you to
customize the color combinations for the chat widget, employee
messages, and bot messages.

© HealthAssist

You can visually preview the changes made in the editor in the chat
widget on the right panel.

Assistant Configuration

Appointment Manager

The appointment manager is designed to streamline the scheduling process for
healthcare providers. For an admin, an appointment manager offers the
following functionalities.

Scheduling an Appointment
Rescheduling an Appointment
Get an appointment

Cancel an appointment

To access the appointment manager,
© HealthAssist

1. Navigate to the configuration tab and select the appointment manager
from the assistant configuration menu on the left.

Cefn Che er tT Ti ae Tier) ites — ue ree 7 a a ea | =]
Tl crane aera ree Appoltia nt Manager
fei

creda Apart
By eee teu:

2 Pura Boos

omer
i ieee: Gi
Be okanerest cormearce

Bi tome Ca ipeeeres GD

| ( Amwchrensat memes
fi
Bee

a Cy Fee
te et

eee

2. To enable or disable a specific appointment type, toggle the switch next to
it.

Symptom Triage

The Symptom Triage feature in HealthAssist helps healthcare providers and
patients efficiently assess symptoms and determine appropriate next steps. The
Symptom Triage system prompts users to input their symptoms. It quides them
through a series of follow-up questions, helping to narrow down potential medical
conditions and recommend relevant actions.

Symptom Triage is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or
treatment, but rather it serves as a supplementary tool to assist in providing more
accurate and timely care.

To configure symptom triage,
© HealthAssist

1. Navigate to the configuration tab and select the symptom triage from
the assistant configuration menu on the left

foe een ee Mt eco] — ft eee | oc Fe | Oo
( akdetteart poner. Syonpénm Triage
#7 rere

‘weer Tie
Fy tet trnteg

ee
- eg

Boe ee

bie Hes

6 comers

GA samc ete L
| tee bo

dl terns =
a Co Tee

i Medes ble

S reo

2. Under the Symptom Triage section, choose the desired symptom
checker service (e.g., Infermedica, Isabel, or Mediktor) from the

drop-down list.
3. Click Save.
Enterprise

In the Enterprise section of the HealthAssist configuration, you can select the
desired backend Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system to integrate with the
virtual assistant. This process allows you to set up the connection to the
healthcare organization's EMR and configure how the virtual assistant interacts
with it.

To configure EMR,
© HealthAssist

1. Navigate to the configuration tab and select the Enterprise from the
assistant configuration menu on the lett.

(Die BEML YER CORIIGEETIDE GTRORATINES aT TEES ee o. imi | ©
= Laie lel (Eniapiiee
* bore
Lie he Hariri
GB bere tees
a = Drs ine, einen Reewons
HS ieee eee

coer! a

2. Select the EMR system that your organization uses from the available
options. HealthAssist supports multiple EMR systems like Epic, Cerner,
Denticon, and NextGen.

3. After selecting the EMR, select the authentication mechanism from the
drop-down menu. The authentication mechanism varies based on the
EMR system. For example, Epic supports two different authentication
methods:

&. Open Authentication (via PatientLookup): This method allows
for more flexible access, enabling patients to search for
appointments and schedule them without logging into MyChart.

b. Direct Scheduling (via MyChart): This method uses a more
secure two-factor authentication process. Patients must log in
using their Epic MyChart credentials. During this process, a
session PIN is generated for security, and patients must have their
records pre-configured in MyChart.

Geweneaea | EREUTTED COMMER ESTUCRETIOSE | BITTONO ee ee ie o
0 ae eee Enterpran
epee

Prep perey irargranoe Farrar
OB er ree
5 ome Vircicme hreinal evens
TE Serie ints
A eres ose
Ciera Poe
Boss

tt = | crest

tee tan
ba) Srv ca
aa Core Trae

foros ete an
© HealthAssist

Notifications & Reminders

<placeholder>

Settings

Invite Members

As an administrator, you can create users in the Workbench. Workbench
defines a set of user roles like Analyst, Developer, Tester, etc. Each role has a
different set of permissions. An admin can add other team members and assign
them appropriate roles based on their assigned responsibilities. The
combination of the user role and the context determines the permissions for the
user. For example, an analyst may have editing access to only the Analytics
page, whereas a tester may only have editing access to the test sections on the
Workbench.

Only an admin can perform user management tasks. An admin can add a new
user, delete an existing user, and promote an existing user to the admin role.

To add a new user:

1. Click Invite Members under the Settings tab. This page lists the existing
users of the Workbench.

2. Click Add User button at the bottom of the existing users’ list.

3. Enter the email id of one or more team members to be invited and assign
a role.

4. Click Add.

Add workbench user
To delete an existing user:

1. Go to the list of users under the Invite Members page.
© HealthAssist

2. Click the settings icon against the name of the user to be
deleted.
3. Select the Delete option fram the list.

ARUGATESE = CRUE BETTI TTR TET abn Oreos m=

a invite Members
Ty ace
[==] baer tere nn
oO TMI roact Lieer
+ eel Lee
Delete workbench user

To promote or change the role of a user:

1. Go to the list of users under the Invite Members page.
2. Click the settings icon against the name of the user to be deleted.
3. Select the Promote as owner option from the list.
4. Modify the role of the user as required and Save.
. ue (evite Members

Ts

i Og dale

[re epee or Preckel Lae

Rete Lie

Promote workbench user

Language Confiquration

=e
© HealthAssist

HealhAssist provides native language support directly for a few languages,
including Spanish and Arabic, with English as the default lanquage. The support will
be extended to many more lanquages in the future.

You can enable more than one employee lanquage at 4 time. HealhAssist can
automatically identify the language in which the employee interacts with the
assistant from one of the enabled languages. The assistant continues to
communicate with the employee in the same language. If the employee
switches to another enabled language anytime later, the assistant automatically
changes to the new language.

Go to the Languages under the Settings tab to enable the assistant to use one
or more languages. All the supported lanquages are listed here. Use the toggle
button against the lanquage name to enable one or more languages.

Language Management oi

. - Standard Languages ny

Wg arg Dal died PERCE RACUaly for enya DHE ee quage. Lowe More

aes soca | + AcLanauace |

EH Engin Gieteult Language Enabled
ES Spanish > fraps
AR Arabic brated

You can also add a new language to be supported in the assistant. For more
details, refer to this.

HealthAssist identifies the language the employee uses based on the language
selection logic. Language selection can be set to one of the following.

« = Lifetime: Once the employee's language is identified, it is set as the
preferred language until the employee chooses to switch.

« Per session Once the language is identified, it is set as the preferred
language for the session.
© HealthAssist

« Every user message: The assistant identifies the lanquage for every
employee message.

AU OC. ie] 2 SED Of aS Tet

Language Detention Tiresframa
Lifetime
Get user input language on cieoution count

The detected language, wil be food for fhe comeietes easton on fhe eeecution count

= a Execatinon Count pst tc: 1

Par Sealant: Road eect Ihe utlaece language at the baginning of avery session

Bory User Mansage Init langage Fen cory WEG reosage and ued Aas Ohio ees peetarredd langue unl a ray
leiregpacecp ba idence Recetas ised ip.

Note that for effective communication of the assistant with the employee, the
conversational messages of the assistant should be configured for all the
enabled lanquages in the Workbench.

reciaieom Werner fe Var Charars

0 ac a

(Scary Cea han”
ar sao mar

te Perio x pe)

To modify the messages for a particular language, select the language from the
drop-down menu on the top right corner of the Workbench and enter the
messages.

Language Selection Logic
© HealthAssist

(Ceecenircer Minera boa ede: Caray

PS ee i Re 2 SS

Publish configuration changes

After the configuration, testing, and integration of the assistant is completed
using Workbench, you can publish the changes for use. To do so, click Publish
under the Test and Deploy tab.

EeesHedosit BKELFTICS CCHPUEUETIGH TEGRATIONS SETTING. Com So Pram esa a o ae

BA seed ea Publish
i cab ce

P mete

Select the changes to be published and Proceed to confirm.

If there are any pending or incomplete configurations, they will be listed in the
beginning. You can choose to complete those configurations or continue to
publish.
© HealthAssist

Integration

Channel Integration

HealthAssist can be configured to work seamlessly with various widely used
communication channels, making it easy and convenient for employees to perform
their everyday tasks through the same preferred channel.

You can integrate HealthAssist with one or more channels. HealthAssist will
communicate with the employees through any of those integrated channels.

if you want to integrate HealthAssist with a custom communication system, use the
webhook channel to enable it. For more information on the webhook channel, refer to
this. Similarly, you can use the Web/Mobile client to create a chat widget for a web
page or a mobile application. If you wish to modify the look and feel of the widget, you
can use the web/mobile SDK. Find more information on setting up web and mobile
cllent channels here.

To configure any of the available channels, go to the Channels under the Integrations

tab.

Giesthdasiri BRELTTIOS OOF POLGETION TEGAN: SCT TDS av Pn ramen manga a e ead | Oo
A he Chanmats
(rye Configueed Cranrents

& eam

eae rad. AA ea A PC ec, A em CCM CY

u een by eg cle chee eerie oe ered cha cep opine IT or paris ah |

ty wr o Wee) Miche Dleri. @ Terilic SHS:
© HealthAssist

The configured channels are listed at the top of the page. To configure any other

channel, click the channel name from the list.

Bietkdede!  SHELETICH CSHRCURUITION IRTECEATICNE = ENTtmceE
| © cums Channets
GC) a cur ae

& Hrattensot

= Fed oer oie eed tenis eres Herero ht
See Oy Br Cree Ce eager cer ed oe he

5 eo:

wrong teeeees ae

Cees = SP Rated hee a

a= Bo

Wihalilipe Busters Modckigirey =

oietion Conyerution

Rturipg 6 o cine, pecans ond eae voy iow eee Io Pech Mer Cee A Kev
Pe rahe, Pema) eras ear Ty eh a a area ee Cmte ey ee
abeal

oer fo eae a Rag yeep erp oe are eed eed, ee
pubic poavioe

Penn elec! (he Periegeeg pee res yo Opie toe ei We a Breet rei

ink “

Ham

«The no puctions aod configurations af the Chere wil chee bed of the deci
managing parrer

@ The neannge tamnpinies gore iby Borel to te prosicer willie based on the medectes
ce Con)

Step 1 Asaockilind Mernar

Looe no lnlom daaoner coral mciier men chee att para. Cece 2 tha La preted

Ea oes

Under the Configurations tab, provide application-specific configurations. Then, use
the help and details provided under the Instructions tab to enter the field values.

If you have any queries about integration with a particular channel or system, prompt
users to input their symptoms. It is then a custom app; please contact us.

Live Agent Transfer
< placeholder>

Agent Experience

Agent Console

Introduction

In HealthAssist, the agent experience is driven by AgentAl and the SmartAssist Agent
Console, enabling agents to effectively manage customer interactions, improve
© HealthAssist

productivity, and enhance service quality. It ensures that agents are well-equipped to
deliver quick, accurate, and personalized support through a seamless interface.

The Agent Console allows agents to access AgentAssist and execute conversational
tasks. AgentAssist seamlessly performs the following functions:

« Guide agents through conversations by providing response suggestions.

« Find information from an external system or knowledge base.

« Provide structured training and coaching to Agents.

Access the Console

To access the console from the SmartAssist interface, follow these steps:
1. Open the bot ona web channel.
2. Navigate to the Agent Console login URL and enter your smartassist
credentials.
3. Initiate a transfer request from the web bot interface and accept the new
transfer request from the queue and proceed.

The Agent Console is an agent's primary working area consisting of the following
panels:
1. The Conversation Tray
2. Incoming Interactions (Next Customer notification)
3. Live Interaction Pane
4. Additional Tools (AgentAssist Widget, History, Actions, Responses, User Info).
For more information, refer to the smartassist documentation.

o = 2
1 Ba _—
or mn =|
a irene
6
rey —_ —-
eee =
oe |...
a |
ee
_
OEY DP
—— J .— aa
— @ c= a,
Lt tee Le
oe
= oa “ees
a a

© HealthAssist

Agent Real-time Coaching

The real-time coaching feature of HealthAssist offers instant feedback and
guidance to agents during live interactions. Using AgentAssist, the system
analyzes agent utterances and speech patterns to detect specific phrases and
trigger relevant actions. This feature helps agents respond effectively, ensuring
better service quality and compliance with organizational guidelines. For
example, if an agent discusses appointment cancellations, AgentAssist may
suggest rescheduling options or key information to confirm.

Rete ome et Seaeas a os
a 7 TET ses eo BB
et a =a
oy, =a
ee i el — Ei
Pera
decane Sy al F
Teac a -
ia Teac a ao ¥
Ager hi Broo
aie ng KF
* a
Seorsrmras hms a ts
ium 2
2 . ip ny ang PM AC dln GC PL, rl a Rasy:
fim aks Pa a . -
Pe ts ae ad =
fei he a:
‘a Pp’ ~_

Agent Playbook enhances the efficiency and effectiveness of agents by
providing structured guidance throughout their workflows. This feature offers
supervisors the ability to monitor agent performance and adherence to the
prescribed steps within the playbook. To access this feature, agents can
navigate to the Playbook section within the Agent Console, where they can
select topics that align with the user's query. Once a topic is selected, the
comesponding standard response is sent to the user interacting with the agent,
© HealthAssist

while the system tracks adherence for supervisor evaluation.

oOo hekebeeth | imemaini 5 == 7 no & Em = |
— —
n= : Bene *
| = -oF ibthasd
a _
—— = Ss
a ———
“ =e
a #
=n -
er
Auto Summarization

The feature shortens lengthy information into concise summaries. It utilizes the

capabilities of XO GPT to effectively rephrase complex dialogues and extract
key points, generating clear and coherent closing notes of the conversation.

=] ee -oNEE 7 rs = ODes
+ aS 7 freer
==
o ee —_— .

a
es Ace

dusto genevated summary ¥ GPT en

© HealthAssist

Health Assist for Payer

Introduction

The HealthAssist for Payer streamlines interactions between members, providers, and payers
by automating key insurance-related tasks. It enables members to self-manage their policies,
such as filing claims, requesting ID cards, checking copays, or adding dependents, and allows
providers to verity patient eligibility and monitor claim statuses.

HealthAssist for Payers offers multiple integration options to ensure seamless connectivity
between the virtual assistant and backend systems.

Platform Data Tables: The integration with platform data tables ensures seamless access to
essential member and provider information, enabling efficient authentication using member
number and date of birth (DOB).

SearchAssist: The integration with SearchAssist enhances the experience by extracting
relevant data from uploaded documents, using both extraction and generative Al models for
rephrasing. HealthAssist for Payer supports multiple communication channels, including web
and phone, and integrates with agent consoles to facilitate live support for complex queries,
ensuring a comprehensive and efficient member and provider experience.

Data Table Integration

Data tables provide a structured way to store and access low-volume, conversation-relevant
information that can significantly improve the quality and efficiency of user interactions.

You can create a data table and share it with virtual assistants, apps and process assistants.

Step to create a new table:
© HealthAssist

1. Go to the Data tab in the Home page and select the Data Tables option and click
Create Data Table.

GO Platform ST eT CU [=] omer ep B-
=a __. Gate Tales ©

am iy andy Seared Tepe

Fp Deedes Tebtes ected ee

ng cere Deep Lee ioe peng aed merger ey ea cepewrtes yer hone

=r —

2. Inthe New Table page, enter the following details:
a. Name of the Data Table.
b. Description of the Data Table.
c. Columns to be included in the Table.
d. Indexes for the Table.
e. Bot Assignments to let virtual assistants access data in this table.
f. App Assignments to let apps access data in this table.
g. Process Assignments to let a process app access data in this table.
Pires Tintba

uke thihilida

The Ln is adhd) 00 Shore Guelervay Canal
© HealthAssist

3. Click Create.
For more information on the new table page, refer to the data table.

Import & Export

You can export and import Data Table definitions as JSON format files.

Export a Data Table

Steps:

1. Hover over the table definition that you want to Export
2. Click the more (ellipses) icon and select Export Definition
3. AJSON file is generated and downloaded.

Data Tables | New tata | !

atccuridalaki Ctaite af the accra —— sure ee a — [i]
Tht table i bo store the 1 Bas Jenn Sanit Jobin Sth Pees) Dela

Sustorverse tats Curelietver delay 14Appe ‘d +) Delete
Import a Data Table
Steps:

1. Click the down arrow next to the New Table button.

?. Select the Import Table Definition option.

3. Enter a Table Name and select the JSON file containing the table definition.

4. Click Import.

Data Tables as

port Tatts Delinkin

1 Bate (der pula Pict party Manjula Paisparty
moDoUNIcetads Getads of the account

So Ape fh 1 Pe
uso tails Thnk Late be be are Uae 1 Bate. Manpla Scdaparty : Margulis: Perperty

Customer cetais So Ape

© HealthAssist

Sample Data Definition in the JSON file

{"name": "customertable" ,
“description’: "Table containing customer details",
“indexes” :[],

“schemaDef": [{"name":"CustEmail",
"type": "string",
"isRequired": false,
“isEnerypted": false,
"reference": {},
“maxLength":"",
"default": ""},

{"name":"CustType" ,
“type: "string",
"isRequired": false,
“isEnerypted": false,
"reference": {},
“maxLength":"",
"default": "Preferred" },

{"name":"sys_Id" "type": "string", “isRequired”: true, "readOnly": true},
{"name":"Created_On", "type": "date", "isRequired": true, “readOnly": true},

{"name":"Updated_On", "type": "date", "isRequired" : true, “readOnly": true},

For more information on the data table integration, refer to the data table.

SearchAssist Integration

Introduction

Organizations store information across various sources like websites, third-party apps, blogs,
help centers, user guides, and product catalogs, with content available in both structured
(CSV, JSON) and unstructured formats (documents, media files). Finding specific information
across these diverse sources can be challenging.

SearchAssist simplifies this process by allowing the ingestion of data from multiple
sources—such as files, web pages, and applications—into a single platform. This functionality
© HealthAssist

streamlines the process of locating information, eliminating the need to manually locate
specific documents and sift through their contents, thus saving users both time and energy.
Step 1: Signup and Login

1. if you are a new user, the first step is to signup for a new account using your email
address. Visit our home page and proceed to the signup section. You can signup using
your email address or by using any of the Single Sign-on (SSO) options.

For more information, refer to SearchAssist Onboarding.

2. After successfully completing the signup process, log in to the account, and get
started.
© HealthAssist

3. Workspace is where you can build your apps
users for collaboration.

O) Senehaiissiot
Lets sctup your workspace

fered cee pares heed yr rae

. You can share the workspace with other

Waris. Fira) fea) nitive,
Conversational 2
Complete Search
Eaparence

ia’
Lf r
a .

af. ¥

4. Enter a name for your workspace and click Continue. This will create your workspace.

You will also see an introductory video explai

ning the features of SearchAssist.

kore &)

Weeooiet ta Sear

Ce ee

raed bebe,

© HealthAssist

5. Within the workspace, create your application. You can use the option to create an app
with some sample data or choose to start from scratch.
0 Raper pepe:

Wietcomay 17485 i

Few clicks aivay fromm

rw tapes apna Bw ‘creating your Search
Empornenne
Cepare pg oars faarcmy De = -
Ce =

6. Enter a name and description for the application.
(Seer hae

‘Welton 12215 @

a ary be pee ara
samme

oe

% On successful creation, it shows the dashboard of the application

Step 2: File Upload

You have the option to upload single files from a local device or a URL. Alternatively, you can
also upload many files simultaneously from a designated directory. The uploaded files are
organized into directories in the SearchAssist application. A default directory is always
present to store individual files. Once a file is successfully uploaded to the SearchAssist
application, itis automatically indexed and is readily available for search.
© HealthAssist

Supported File formats:

# Search Results: POF, DOCX, PPT, JPEG, PNG, and TXT
# Extractive Answers: PDF
« Generative Answers: PDF, DOCX, PPT and TXT
Scanned PDFs and password-encrypted PDFs are not currently supported.

To add content from files, follow the steps outline below:

1. Navigate to the File Upload page under the Sources tab. Click the Upload button

ss || = re g=
— . Fin Uipiced
oo oo

rey
2 ee
WU domsomrms ams

o Con

a.

Feu er eee ey ee

2. To upload an individual file, select the FILE radio button. Select the directory under
which you want the file to be uploaded in the SearchAssist application. lf no directory
is created in the application, the files are uploaded to the default directory. After
selecting the directory, provide the location of the file, and click Proceed. This will
upload the local file and make it available in the SearchAssist application.
© HealthAssist

@ er UL EEC Te

bein “

fe MICMEDSAL 3002 BOE x

[ee

3. Once the file is uploaded, a dialog box is displayed with the status as shown below.

4. You can see the files that have been successfully uploaded, either individually or as
part of the directory upload, under the File Upload page and their details on the right,
© HealthAssist

such as status marked as ‘Success’.

Glows kee ne aseeci- | ee

oS = baie Liebe)
© eect
S tea
a * Hen Cemmery tere ween Foren mere,
Soe
' 7
a be a Be
. a

To upload more files, use the Upload button on the top right.

ams ra

Ot | He |

Thane

om

Glows kee ne aseeci- | ee

a be it 1B Bee
Umer Sa

a]
a

oS = baie Liebe)

© eect

S tea

a * Hen Cemmery tere ween Foren mere,
Soe

ams ra

Ot | He |

Thane

o— Fy]
© HealthAssist

Delete a File

To delete one or more files from the SearchAssist application, go to the corresponding
folders, select the files, and click the Delete button on the top.

Bowers ce sem ees. ee cig Peis item | ao
=z Pile Lip CS 2 ie TL
D Pete
| = eee . a
So + nae tmereey
oo
is = = ees
Ory
tate
Tint

Alternatively, click the delete icon corresponding to the file to be deleted.

Gowers ces se aeerecr- | ee mai | Fe eo | oOo

tn =
Pete

| = renee
S
can

OF ever
oO ery

+ meleeesy

5 ire.

dae

eta

Pie Lipkoaal «Sh 2 om 7 Unto

es ahs

Search Files

© HealthAssist

When there are many files, you can use the search feature to look for a specific file in

a directory.
ee A a PCL - che a Phe hae a rl =e
a a
— fo =
Cee Cee
| = sue

@ rin > a
ue wm rane eran ao a i sar ta

S we

nea

o 1 Se oe
a a Lanner 2 Oe ee Ce]
ad

& pve 2 ears

Train a File
After selecting the documents, click the Train button located at the tap. The system

will process the selected document(s) for training.

(Booraeres eco ees ane ie Veridoe E> Preview (tree ra co o
—e = Fig Wpicad LIE i nS ke eee
Gl Wek eet

| © Fae Updo o ny
S Fads ie Camcerp
@ be irisw

(= Sete 1 f
GB Sructeed Dats = ABCMBCA B22) 117 Detealt = ACET A CHW
© Conecton

@ hemng tacky

Step 3: Answer Snippets

A snippet is a brief and most relevant text excerpt or a paraphrased answer from the data
ingested in “Sources” and appears at the top of the results. It provides a quick answer to a
user's query, eliminating the need for the user to sift through the search results. The answer
snippets are in the form of textual answers along with a link to the URL from where the snippet
is extracted or the source of truth. For more information, refer to the Answer Snippet.
© HealthAssist

SearchAssist offers two models to provide answer snippets.

® Extractive Model: In the case of extractive snippets, the chunk most relevant to the
user query is displayed to the user. So, an extractive snippet is an answer extracted
from the source data which is displayed as it is.

* Generative Model: In this model, SearchAssist uses third-party large language models
to paraphrase the answer snippets. The top five chunks that are most relevant to the
USé@r query are sent to the third-party LLMs. The paraphrased answer received from
the LLM is then displayed as the answer to the user. The snippet can be derived from
single or multiple sources of ingested data and is paraphrased to give a cohesive and
relevant answer.

To configure answer snippets, go to the Answer Snippets page under the Indices tab.

Bo wee me =] et ae breve Cd Per a & G o
pene aeons =

ba Tae

= mw Soames Moses

© reelen

You can enable one or both models to display answer snippets. Click the Train button after
enabling Answer Snippets to generate the chunks from the ingested data. When both models
are enabled, the model with the highest priority is first used to generate snippets. To change
the priority of the models, use the drag dots icon and place the models as required.
© HealthAssist

a veterans orem! ibaa natal pend — ag @ oO
— seamen 8 =
fertartivm nice:
ee art]
AE raben Forid
tt ee]
Perens ea
rate Parte Geen Lied
Hetic iets a

buen Leas
1 Aare SenceT
[ dhrguiny Hantang
= teh

iE ina — — ry
——

Hears greenery et ra
heen eoriere
el Teen,

Extractive Model Configuration

To enable the extractive model of answer snippets, use the slider at the top of the page. For
more information, refer to Extraction Model Configuration.

Generative Model Configuration

SearchAssist supports using OpenaAl and Azure OpenAl LLMs to generate the answer
snippets. To enable the Generative Model for answer snippets, the application must be
integrated with one or more of the supported LLMs.

For integration,
© HealthAssist

1. click on the Ge te Integrations.

i

© nden tonnds
ce Psa

Wormer

Answer Srippels

| Geemative bed
ee

2. Select the required integration.

fps
TT

Boor

o heer tee ia

Sou fervent) configured are Generative Model yal!
seer rir ees age agua mies fe Loe ees

a pee ee de ot ee em bid aia

3. After you have successfully integrated one or more of the supported third-party LLMs,
you can configure it to be used for generating Answer Snippets. Select the model to be
© HealthAssist

enabled from the drop-down menu. The drop-down will list all the configured LLMs.

Qo ower nen [oe |aarees ans ee Freee Jee | ao I o
ca 7 ewe ieoces 2 Pe |
(a lenis Fei 7
a be =
Ct li ed
2 ob ® ee ~ ~ ~ ~
2 ee [ aod
2 as
fmt ike - = .
oe eee ode
2 on fee Cee
a to :
shares bones ao
Piet eteee
= eer rete — he +i be
ce Raa a
*
She seen - se a pro ee is
CSS eS Ste Se EE
SESS SS ee SS St ee
4. To enable or disable the selected model, use the slider button. If an enabled integration
is removed from the Integrations pages, it is automatically disabled for answer
snippets.
owes ceo Hem serrc- arem imei EF che og | oa

— 2 he |

—T —— ——o
Sinai Finis

era
* Fo | ae 5
Stee ee
cl — a ail ed sd Wel MSP ks
A =a i vs
Hemet —
r - ee = 2
Se fara

m6
5 kere Los
(ul ear oa og Hote chewy
a immoral a - .

mimi
TS ieemares fine La
Maire
© mee ene —— le

5. Set the following configuration properties for the selected integration.
a. Similarly Score
b. Temperature
c. Number of Chunks

For more information, refer to the Generative Model Configur.

© HealthAssist

Step 4: Chunks

The Chunk Browser provides a means for you to observe the extracted chunks from the
source data, giving you an insight into the output from the extraction process and enabling
you to undertake subsequent actions like editing and rectifying the chunks.

To view the chunks extracted from content, navigate to the Chunks page under the Indices
tab. For more information, refer to the Chunks.

[| ee Trg Homers mo B pee 2) trae asf @ B---- 6

vied cia = s oO aaa 7 Fw

on em am ma ae oe IL ray

© has Aen 7 eremetar nace re reer
2 oar
3 ae
A pacman
5 - nee = FY Sepa nor eae
- chee .
© rae deta
TSN + HRN en = Bei nad i Pi waves be Cara a DA
: : ete
Geled Reeth -
D Seech Serge
ha a : ea aot] wand rv Rebbeet i i
a
Jt aS et ae ST rs TE TT mares be Comte areca Daa
. : ier

i Seacniaetce <i imp a a o

You can also tab on ‘Preview’ to test how the data will be fetched from the document

a al nec Berth x SeerchAssiat ao
bee Oe ee
a
ha Ue ee 1 toe om ee ae |
oo (CAM A Copy Auminence & Accurudster Program
ies Serves Ma) CAP Hie rb a oeigeare Chad ees
Phrmagh Bere ie Pa pepe eat ieee eed eres of mia ed or ag rod aera cies by og Compe Benen pd of perked onl oe high cost yaecatly deaage
drag eine ope snd eee i emia Game ins Us kere ran ry inung they manoter ter: oop seven banoe aher doy avail
Ramee STIS bs PT CT Ba Deca ae Sere es ne fae ag TT a ee aD

ee ee resem iy eae Fang mage pr geey oie th ET i erg
aH none Garhi Perce acter Oat Puan, Ete ane ere
a Na CK CM Ay Cy LL Pa,
vets bres ee) Pete by Gees Sey Bad Me

A ABC ME DMCA, 20G7 OCSMA BRS beceden MEE pet

Mies a SR ce a Dp

wwectesirs Neel Semage Mawes Npepiatp bes Pea Z —— —_— a
SS Se eT Re es
Elena Pee hee ents Lemons Sage reners
leererries
= .
© HealthAssist

Step 5: Channels Integration

A channel is a connection between communication applications and SearchAssist. In
SearchAssist, you can configure destinations for your application to communicate with one or
more channels.

Currently, SearchAssist allows you to configure channels only through Web/Mobile Client.

Add Channels
To add channels, follow the below steps:

1. On the landing page, click the Manage tab on the top.

La

[= vais etch oe deere Leal Veer mano bees Tre a

o~-

.cneore Channels 1
|= Channehy

fe Comdendias

= te

OF binge

TA Chaespe Lage

Ibe Won /Mebie Client
So Umage Log

Q Gedend recce

2. By default, the General Settings page is displayed. On the leit pane, click Channels.
© HealthAssist

3. Onthe Channels page, click the Web/Mobile Client card.

a a EC CE TCE « Petre | ne Peewee i] Traian a a" Be.

ih Geracni initings Ceanceis

Wet) Mgtnke Client

4. On the Web/Mobile Client's Instructions page, you can find the instructions displayed

in four steps:
« Download SearchAssistKit SDK — Download the SearchAssist SearchAssistkit
SDK from our GitHub Repo.
Register Credential — Create a credential or register an existing credential.

Define Callback URL — Define the callback URL of your credential to be invoked

for SearchAssistKit SDK events.
« Select Events — Select the required events and complete the setup process.

(rier eet eit iris ee era Boies {Tee 1 of B--

. btieien es) inh IMebile Client

| 2 omer

ie Comtertas sil
7 Toar

Oo teeters

bo ee

men - fi
Phar Cort — _—
oe eal

ij ©

Lamy Laing Pr
o Cees Bo

co =

5. Click Continue.
6. On the Web/Mobile Client's Select Credential page, you can
e Select an existing credential, or
« Add New Credential
a. Enter a name in the Credential Name field.
b. Select a signing algorithm from the JWT Signing Algorithm Used For
Client App Authentication drop-down list.
© HealthAssist

a eS CN CIATED - 0 Tesi dem bees OF han a oo B--
i Gemntisiings erties Glaeet
| er
» Cees - ~
7 eo
® Sauer Bo than ne oe a ee”
7 Gergeiage
ieee beim son =
) has
hip Lig a foggy agora ee i a ay aeana ara
Cee Bevis =
— “ c—
*% Click Continue.
&. Goto App Details.
a Ce CE EY TEC = Mabe Tera Aga DB eer fy Train a ae i] B= o
i Gewreidecings oo Witte bebo bier Cbg
| ° commen
fe Comtenitints App Detaite 1
eo or pe pra Gear nanan Broan aaeny ember tr Ae | baits Taare
O epee
SB champe Lint Keperra - 7
(meee SEE
hee Der
S esp leg

oe | sow |

9. Select the credentials created above from the drop-down and click Save. This will
generate app ID, client ID and client secret which will be used for interaction with the
© HealthAssist

application.

a Ovi ea eel

D tere Sel begs
|: Taare
Te Creeshalt

7 ton

Mae Tete orery Tae es

Vint! itichie Clant

App Ceti

Sie WS eal

Aim Hares

Tent App

Borsa

=,

—_—

aed Ser -b bce ede

Step 6 : Configure App ID in Environment Variables

=

Copy the App ID from the App Details Section

o--- ©@

2. Navigate to Configurations > Environment Variables on the bot you are working with.
3. Locate the "SABotld' variable in the Environment Variables list.

Environment Variables

rela

Pipa ae cor Src Party BP
Cat
Dee UC

aT aC Ga

HBCeS

WH Le 2238 Scie.
ablated

4. Click on the SABotld variable and paste the copied App ID into the value field.

es Ti
et Ay ie
TY bbe wierd Lobe

Step 7 : Generating JWT Token

SearchAssist uses a JWT token for authentication. The client application(in this case, IT

Ereapoira to med SAS ca
ri]
Sts Jane hase coe,

Assist) must send a JSON Web Token in the authorization header of the HTTP request to the
API. To generate the JWT Token, you need to use the Client ID and Client secret generated
above. Refer to this for more details.
© HealthAssist

Add the JWT token to the environment variable named "SAAuthToken’.

Envirorenent Variables EL.

lari Plies halen core T- Ted ary ay Bedi es pared go SS oe
i iseoonerunie emit Pers iaien ja Pensa FE

SADR (er oe

hdioria nd bb i Sc.

ant: d Soe ie

Shut omen enc OuLohaersooe
HVAC Fe Joc aes Dae
TF ered fore EE.

Step 8 : Configure Search ID in Environment Variables

1. Copy the Search ID from the App Details Section

a oe EC CEE | ABMLYTICE AE a P Pine FY Tem & a" Bo fee o

hae oh ham arena ed ber dinamo A ade A reer aang dey 1d Te cade arog Beer eet aged pare dare ee ied or eked) APD ee

Chere ae eg fetes dety 200d ee eee int ais, piers rte be oer cure Ce Toll ec we.
cranes
| ~ WabiMesile Client
nh oeoe ie
7 Teas
Aaa
a magus.
one [ae
OH Ceange loge
ino
ins mei nin we 100 -e) eed el EE]
| Part Dard ky aa
5 Usage Lag ce de See eg de eh EI
Cee b tose. Gee eon 0
= . =
a)
efor 1 am a - ae Ea

— =
2. Navigate to Configurations > Environment Variables on the bot you are working with.
3. Locate the Search |D vanable in the Environment Vanables list.

Doh tte anmir) ee oD serie sao ef ms tor 9 ®

Eewironumant =
vera Wariebion a

Eo Seren ds Corba

erate AL

. oo

= Vase
5 vos
e

4. Click on the Search!D variable and paste the copied Search ID into the value field.
© HealthAssist

Step 9 : Configure SA domain in Environment Variables

a) D " 1 GB: ea f=]

ee

1. Navigate to ‘Manage’ > channels > Web/Mobile Client. Copy the Whitelist Domains

 enaret dantings eet Motee Clore

Fe Crmubeetiat, J Tedard onisart eng wd che Gears dovusd ard via foe erabaerieaed ror

7 2 So ey Saee devess ae

Sagas et ied a Hey ge
O remo
mi ene ree nerd,

rar: Fete

ae Leg

2 Oeckers E ievmicen
‘apes | bakes in!

2. Navigate to Configurations > Environment Variables on the bot you are working with.
3. Locate the ‘SADomian' variable in the Environment Variables list.
Eewvironment Variables O | ca veriaten |

its APT

4 Click on the ‘SADomian' variable and paste the copied App !D into the value field.
Step 10 : Enable SearchAssist Integration with the Bot

1. Open the SearchAssist app and navigate to the Manage > Credential.
© HealthAssist

2. Select ‘API Scopes’ and select the ‘Full Search’ option to grant the necessary
pennissions.

Edh Credencial %

Coie A oes

Loon Saar.
5 Pal ae
|
3. Click Save.
4. Now navigate to Configurations > Environment Variables on the bot you are working
with.

5. Search for the environment variable ‘isSearchFirst Set the value to ‘true’ to enable
SearchéAssist and ‘false’ to disable it.

Envonmont Variats =

Saami Poke Lata - fo Te PT
Pa eee Me

ee ct ™

Once the above steps are complete, the app will be fully integrated with the bot, allowing
seamless search functionality.
